# **Top News**

#### **1. [Bajaj Housing Finance lists with a bang; analysts say book partial profit](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/news/bajaj-housing-finance-debuts-with-a-bang-lists-at-108-premium-on-bourses-124091600156_1.html)**

Bajaj Housing Finance IPO listing today: Bajaj Housing Finance shares made a bumper debut on the stock exchanges today, riding high on the positive market sentiment. The shares listed at Rs 150 on the BSE, surging 114.28 per cent above the IPO issue price of Rs 70.
			Similarly, on the NSE, Bajaj Housing Finance shares listed at Rs 150, commanding a premium of 114.28 per cent on Monday. With this, the stock entered the elite club of companies commanding a market capitalisation of Rs 1-trillion. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
			At 10:08 AM, Bajaj Housing Finance share price was quoting at Rs 154.9 per share, up 121 per cent over the IPO price. The m-cap of the company stood at Rs 1.3 trillion. Thus far, the stock has hit a high of Rs 160.92 and a low of Rs 147.
			Analysts say the listing reflects investors' unwavering confidence in the company's robust financials, backed by the prestigious Bajaj Group.
			Bajaj Housing Finance's consistent growth, coupled with its reasonable valuation, made it a highly attractive investment proposition, they said. 
			Going ahead, Ambareesh Baliga, an independent market analyst, says investors should continue to hold the stock for some time.
			"We have seen an IPO coming from Bajaj Group after a really long time. Bajaj Housing is a long-term bet and investors may hold it for some time as positive momentum may continue as long as the overall sentiment remains buoyant," he said.
			Astha Jain, senior research analyst at Hem Securities, however, believes investors, who received the stock during IPO allotment, should book partial profit at around Rs 150 per share, but keep the stock in one's portfolio as Bajaj Housing Finance may emerge as a long-term wealth creator. 
			Bajaj Housing Finance is a subsidiary of Bajaj Finance — one of the most diversified NBFCs in the Indian market. Headquartered in Pune, Bajaj Housing Finance offers finance to individuals as well as corporate entities for the purchase and renovation of homes or commercial spaces. It also provides loans against property for business or personal needs, as well as working capital for business expansion purposes. BHFL also offers finance to developers engaged in the construction of residential and commercial properties, as well as lease rental discounting to developers and high-net-worth individuals.
			Bajaj Housing Finance's Rs 6,560-crore IPO had received a massive response from investors as it received bids for 46,28,35,82,522 shares against 72,75,75,756 shares offered in the IPO, thus getting subscribed 63.61 times by the final day of subscription.
			"This successful debut is a testament to the company's strong fundamentals and the market's anticipation for its growth potential. Investors who were fortunate enough to secure allotments in the IPO may consider booking profit now, but those who want to hold their positions may do so by potentially setting a stop loss at Rs 135 as a risk management strategy," said Shivani Nyati, head of wealth, Swastika Investmart.

#### **2. [Shipbuilders from Japan, Korea keen to invest here: Sarbananda Sonowal](https://www.business-standard.com/industry/news/shipbuilders-from-japan-korea-keen-to-invest-here-sarbananda-sonowal-124091500507_1.html)**

In what could be a boost for India’s nascent shipbuilding industry, companies from Japan and South Korea have expressed interest in investing in the sector, Union Minister of Ports, Shipping, and Waterways Sarbananda Sonowal has said.
		“This could involve direct investments, joint ventures, or technology sharing, or other forms of collaboration. Such international interest is a testament to the attractiveness of India’s shipbuilding initiative and the potential benefits of global expertise and capital infusion into the sector,” Sonowal told Business Standard in an interview after the recently concluded Maritime State Development Council (MSDC) meeting. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		On Friday, the ministry announced plans to build multiple shipbuilding clusters in collaboration with coastal states to meet its ambitious targets. Currently, India ranks 20th in global shipbuilding, with just a 0.06 per cent share of the market. In contrast, China, South Korea, and Japan dominate the industry, commanding 85 per cent of the global share, according to a recent shipping ministry presentation.
		“The ministry has a clear vision for the phased development of shipbuilding clusters, with an expectation that 2-3 clusters will be developed and operational within the next 10 years, followed by an additional 1-2 clusters within the subsequent five years,” Sonowal said. 
		“This phased approach allows for careful planning, allocation of resources, and addressing any challenges that arise during the initial stages of development,” Sarbananda Sonowal further said.
		According to Sonowal, new entrants with a “strategic move to diversify business interests” have also expressed their intent to the government to enter this sector.
		According to recent reports, India’s largest port operator Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone is looking to venture into shipbuilding.
		The minister also said the government’s fillip to shipbuilding had prompted state-run and private shipbuilders to invest further. “They are looking to expand their operations, which could mean increasing their shipbuilding capacity, enhancing technological capabilities, or diversifying their product offerings,” he said.
		To support this expansion, the ministry has sought assistance from states at the MSDC in Goa. Most of the capital support from the central government will primarily come from a ~30,000 crore Maritime Development Fund, 49 per cent of which will be financed by the Centre, and the rest through port authorities and private investors.
		The shipbuilding industry has informed the government that its primary logistical requirement for establishing successful shipbuilding clusters is to get access to large aggregated land parcels with adequate waterfronts and sufficient channel depth.
		“The availability of waterfront is crucial for shipbuilding activities, allowing for the construction, launching, and testing of ships, while sufficient channel depth is necessary to accommodate the movement of large vessels in and out of the shipyards. Meeting these requirements is fundamental to the operational success and competitiveness of the shipbuilding clusters,” Sonowal said.
		In response to the industry’s needs, coastal states would formulate policies and develop incentive schemes soon. “These can include facilitating land aggregation, ensuring availability of adequate waterfront, fast-track clearances and approvals to reduce bureaucratic delays, subsidies, tax breaks, or other fiscal benefits,” the minister said.
		The ministry is also addressing investment gaps by developing common maritime assets, such as dry docks, testing ranges, and R&D centers, which can be shared across the industry. This will reduce capital expenditure for individual companies and promote overall industry growth.
		Sonowal said the focus was to identify and repurpose existing tracts of land that may be underutilised or not utilised to their fullest potential. “These lands could be under the purview of state maritime boards, located within the premises of ports, or situated within industrial corridors,” he said.
		On its own part, the ministry is looking to bridge the gap for investments in common maritime assets that can be used by the industry at large.
		“These assets may include shared facilities, such as dry docks, testing ranges, and research and development centres. By offering access to these common assets, the government aims to reduce the capital expenditure required by individual companies, thus facilitating the growth of the entire industry,” Sonowal said.
		According to the ministry, the share of the cargo carried by Indian owned or flagged vessels has fallen to just 5.4 per cent over the past decade. Without intervention, this share may fall further, which may reduce the role of Indian-built ships even in the domestic market.
		In the past, the government’s schemes, such as Shipbuilding Financial Assistant Policy, Right of First Refusal policy, infrastructure status to shipyards, etc, have not achieved the desired results.

#### **3. [Kenya awards $1.3 bn transmission deal to Adani amid airport lease protests](https://www.business-standard.com/companies/news/kenya-awards-1-3-bn-transmission-deal-to-adani-amid-airport-lease-protests-124091600142_1.html)**

Despite facing protests and opposition from unions until recently over the transfer of management of the country’s primary airport to the Adani Group, led by Gautam Adani, the Kenyan government has confirmed that the conglomerate will construct power transmission lines, as reported by The Economic Times.
		Kenya Electricity Transmission Company (Ketraco) has granted a concession for a public-private partnership to construct power transmission lines to India's Adani Group and an entity of the African Development Bank, according to a presidential economic advisor, the report said. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		David Ndii, the chief economic advisor to President William Ruto, announced through a post on X (formerly Twitter) that the concession is valued at $1.3 billion.
		In the post on X, Ndii said, "The government through Ketraco has awarded PPP concessions to Adani and Africa50 to build new transmission lines. They are hiring their project teams. The cost of these transmission lines is $1.3 billion that we do not have to borrow."
		Africa50 is an investment platform focused on infrastructure, operating under the African Development Bank.
		In a separate development, the Kenyan government’s plan to lease the country’s principal international airport to the Adani Group has generated public outrage and led to a strike by aviation workers. The proposal includes leasing Jomo Kenyatta International Airport to the Adani Group for a 30-year term, with the company investing $1.85 billion in the airport’s expansion, the report said.
		Adani's company, which operates seven airports in India, has faced frequent criticism from Opposition parties in India, who accuse the company of benefiting from government favouritism. Both Indian officials and the Adani Group have consistently denied these claims.
		Kenya is currently grappling with significant debt, accumulated through years of heavy infrastructure investment. Earlier this year, the government's plan to raise taxes in an effort to generate funds for debt repayment led to violent protests, forcing the administration to retract the proposal.

#### **4. [Rifle poking from bushes: How Donald Trump escaped latest assassination bid](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/rifle-poking-from-bushes-how-donald-trump-escaped-latest-assassination-bid-124091600116_1.html)**

Former US president Donald Trump survived a suspected second assassination attempt on Sunday, just months after he narrowly escaped death at an election rally ahead of the November polls. A suspect, identified as Ryan Routh, has been arrested by officials.
		The incident took place while Trump was golfing on his course in West Palm Beach, Florida. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) believes it to be an apparent assassination attempt.
ALSO READ: Gunfire at Trump Golf Club latest jolt in chaotic presidential campaign Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		How did officials spot Trump’s attacker?
		According to officials, Secret Service agents were inspecting the area for potential threats when they saw a rifle barrel poking out from bushes about 365 to 460 metres away from Trump.
		Palm Beach County Sheriff Ric Bradshaw said that the agents and the gunman exchanged at least four rounds of ammunition around 1:30 pm. The suspect then fled in a black Nissan car, leaving behind two backpacks.
		Officials said one of the witnesses took photos of the suspect’s car and licence plate before he escaped. Bradshaw did not identify the suspect or provide a possible motive.
		Based on this information, an alert was sent to statewide agencies, leading sheriff's deputies in nearby Martin County to catch the suspect on I-95, about 65 kilometres from the golf course. Officials noted that, since Trump is no longer in office, they did not block off the entire golf course.
		According to a report by Reuters, Trump sent an email to his supporters confirming the gunshots in his vicinity, noting that he was safe and well. A close aide of Trump said he also lauded the Secret Service for their timely response. “These people are awesome,” he reportedly said.
		The White House said that President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris had been informed about the incident.
		In July, Trump was shot at during a campaign rally in Pennsylvania but survived with a minor injury to his right ear.

#### **5. [Here's what India needs to accomplish its semiconductor ambitions](https://www.business-standard.com/industry/news/here-s-what-india-needs-to-accomplish-its-semiconductor-ambitions-124091600055_1.html)**

By Mihir Sharma
		Across the world, countries are spending wagonloads of taxpayer money to develop or support their semiconductor industries. This pipeline of cash has yielded some successes and some failures; the difference is usually down to how strategically the money has been spent. The Indian government, which has also loosened its purse strings, needs to figure out a strategy — and soon.
		Under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, federal budgets have generally been pretty stingy with subsidies. But $11 billion has already been set aside, and largely allocated, to various chip-related projects. News emerged last week that another $5 billion to $10 billion might follow. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		These aren’t small numbers by Indian standards. The government might spend five times more on this sector than it does on support for solar panels or autos — and 50 times more than it plans for labor-intensive sectors such as leather goods. According to officials, when various funds from state and federal sources are added up, three-fourths of the capital cost of a new semiconductor manufacturing facility will be borne by the government.
		Yet it’s not clear officials know exactly what they want from their semiconductor mission. They seem to have multiple objectives, and that always leads to a bit of mess when it comes to designing policy.
		Is the goal to increase the amount of value added in India? Or to create jobs? Is the government’s primary concern reducing India’s dependence on China, or substituting imports overall? Do officials think domestic production is essential to support the creation of a broader electronics sector, or to provide supply-chain resilience to the growing automobile sector?
		What they say in public is troubling. The emphasis seems to be on onshoring production and promoting what Modi calls “aatma-nirbharta,” or self-reliance.
		That is hardly a sensible objective. Not even the US can really aspire to true semiconductor self-sufficiency, given the complexity of chip supply chains. There’s no reason to think India can, especially starting from scratch.
		Nor should the nation worry too much about “strategic dependence” on chip imports, as long as a significant proportion come from friendly sources such as South Korea, Taiwan, or the West. Reducing China’s share in Indian imports might make sense, but semiconductors aren’t a sector where this should be a concern. A large proportion of China’s future production will go to satisfy its own demand for chips.
		Instead, the focus should be on identifying the spots in the supply chain where India can enter quickly and scale up effectively. Fabrication is glamorous, but as multiple countries across the world have discovered, the startup costs can be ruinous. 
		Requirements are stringent as well. Some companies interested in manufacturing in India may have given up because it seemed too tough to secure a reliable supply of ultra-pure water. The private sector needs to be given a freer hand in identifying the right locations for its investments. Most new plants have been steered toward states ruled by Modi’s party, including his native Gujarat.
		Officials should focus on addressing some of these questions first. They also need to work harder on an unexpected problem: getting the right workers. India may be the world’s most populous country now and claims to have thousands of engineering colleges. But quality control in higher education is so poor that new plants will struggle to recruit a workforce.
		Officials are at least aware that one of the biggest bottlenecks is the availability of engineers. If their plans are to come to fruition, they estimate they need between 10,000 and 13,000 trained workers by 2027. Some private forecasts of the talent shortfall are much higher.
		Restructuring academia to focus on research and training will pay dividends. India should aim to staff not just its own plants, but also to fill manpower requirements in the rest of the world.
		Fabrication isn’t the only place where money is made in the chip supply chain. Design, assembly and packaging together represent about half of the sector’s revenue. India already has a fifth of the world’s chip designers, but only 7 per cent of actual design facilities.
		New assembly plants are coming up and government support for design has been increased. But more could be done if New Delhi spends its money rationally. The real bang for its buck will come through investing in those sections of the supply chain where India may have a comparative advantage.
		Fabs can follow once an ecosystem develops. There’s no point obsessing over self-reliance when even a giant like the US is only one cog in a global machine.
Disclaimer: This is a Bloomberg Opinion piece, and these are the personal opinions of the writer. They do not reflect the views of www.business-standard.com or the Business Standard newspaper

#### **6. [Air traffic soars as more passengers opt for direct flights to & from India](https://www.business-standard.com/industry/news/air-traffic-soars-as-more-passengers-opt-for-direct-flights-to-from-india-124091600143_1.html)**

The number of passengers flying directly between India and the rest of the world has reached a new high, according to UK-based air consultancy firm OAG.
		In 2023, India recorded approximately 65 million international air travellers, just 600,000 fewer than in 2019 (pre-pandemic). Of these, around 37 million passengers flew non-stop, an increase of 2 million compared to 2019, revealed the OAG's analysis as quoted in a report by The Times of India. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		Meanwhile, the number of travellers opting for indirect routes fell by 2.5 million, bringing the total to 27 million. As a result, the proportion of passengers flying directly rose from 54 per cent in 2019 to 57 per cent in 2023.
Direct flights gain popularity
		The substantial growth in international flights offered by IndiGo and Tata's Air India Group, along with new entrants such as Akasa and other foreign airlines, has transformed air traffic patterns. Increasingly, more passengers are opting for non-stop flights instead of journeys involving one or two stopovers at hub airports, said the OAG report.
		Separately, Indian airports are also becoming more prominent as transfer hubs, with 1 million passengers using them to connect to other destinations. For instance, travellers might fly from Kathmandu to New York via Delhi. Furthermore, with countries such as Vietnam and Indonesia now offering direct flights to India, one-stop journeys are becoming less necessary unless travellers prefer that option.
Gulf hubs lose ground
		OAG’s report shows a notable decline in traffic through Gulf countries, which lost around 1 million indirect passengers between 2019 and 2023. Other hubs experienced a combined loss of 2.8 million indirect passengers, while Indian hubs gained 1 million during this period.
		Over the past four years, Indian airlines have launched 52 new international routes, further boosting the country's global connectivity.
		Data from Crisil Ratings revealed that Indian airlines accounted for approximately 43 per cent of the international passenger traffic originating from, transiting through, or destined for India in 2023-24. This marks a significant increase from the pre-pandemic share of less than 35 per cent, reflecting the growing demand for international travel among Indian citizens.
Record domestic passenger traffic
		India’s aviation sector has also witnessed a surge in domestic travel. From January to June 2024, Indian airlines carried 79.35 million passengers, marking a 4 per cent increase compared to the same period the previous year, according to DGCA data.
		This represents the highest-ever domestic passenger traffic for a half-year period, surpassing the previous record of 76.09 million passengers in 2023. The growth has been remarkable, as domestic passenger numbers have more than doubled over the past decade — from 38.83 million in 2015 to the current figures.

# **Latest News**

#### **1. [Record Rs 81,875 crore GST evasion detected in online gaming in FY24](https://www.business-standard.com/economy/news/rs-81-875-crore-gst-evasion-detected-in-online-gaming-in-fy24-says-cbic-124091500574_1.html)**

The Directorate General of GST Intelligence (DGGI), the central investigation and anti-evasion arm under the finance ministry, has detected the highest-ever goods and services tax (GST) evasion by the online money gaming industry, amounting to Rs 81,875 crore in FY24 across 78 cases.
				In its latest annual report, the DGGI said it detected a record 6,084 cases of tax evasion in 2023-24, involving Rs 2.01 trillion in GST, which is double the Rs 1.01 trillion identified in FY23 across 4,872 cases. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
				According to the report, 46 per cent of the evasion cases were related to non-payment of taxes through clandestine supply and undervaluation, 20 per cent involved fraudulent Input Tax Credit (ITC) claims, and 19 per cent pertained to improper ITC claims or failure to reverse them.
				After online money gaming, the BFSI sector ranked second, which saw Rs 18,961 crore evaded across 171 cases. Other sectors included works contract services (343 cases, Rs 2,846 crore) and pharmaceuticals (22 cases, Rs 40 crore).
				Additionally, 1,976 cases of GST evasion were detected in the iron, copper, scrap, and alloys sectors, involving Rs 16,806 crore in FY24. The pan masala, tobacco, cigarettes, and bidi industries ranked second in evasion, with 212 cases amounting to Rs 5,794 crore. Other sectors included plywood, timber, and paper (238 cases, Rs 1,196 crore), electronic items (23 cases, Rs 1,165 crore), and marble, granite, and tiles (235 cases, Rs 315 crore).
				The DGGI report also recommended the formation of an inter-departmental committee, including representatives from the Enforcement Directorate, Reserve Bank of India, tax authorities, and consumer affairs departments, to combat the proliferation of online gaming platforms and ensure regulatory compliance.
				“Therefore, a multi-pronged approach to deal with this sector is the need of the hour. An inter-department committee may be set up to develop comprehensive strategies and regulations to combat the proliferation of such platforms, ensuring regulatory compliance, consumer protection and national security," the DGGI said in its report released on Saturday.
				The GST intelligence wing has initiated action against 118 domestic online gaming entities and issued show-cause notices to 34 taxpayers, involving a tax amount of Rs 1.1 trillion. These companies had failed to pay GST at the applicable 28 per cent rate.
				Additionally, 658 offshore entities have been identified as non-registered or non-compliant, and are being investigated by the DGGI. Also, 167 websites have been recommended for blocking.
				The DGGI annual report for FY24 flagged the online gaming industry as a “high-risk” sector for tax evasion, money laundering, cyber fraud, juvenile delinquency, and socio-economic issues.
				Despite legal clarity from October 1, 2023, subjecting gaming entities to a 28 per cent tax on the total sum deposited by players, enforcement continues to be an uphill task.
				Many such firms are set up in offshore tax havens (i.e. Malta, Curacao Islands, British Virgin Islands, Cypress etc.) known for their opacity, making it difficult to ascertain their ultimate ownership.
				The online gaming industry has grown exponentially in the past few years, at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 28 per cent, reaching Rs 16,428 crore in FY24, according to an estimate.
				This growth is largely attributed to factors like widespread smartphone penetration, improved internet connectivity, a growing youth population and the development of local gaming content.

#### **2. [Bali's hotel ban: A long overdue step to address overcrowding, environment](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/bali-s-hotel-ban-a-long-overdue-step-to-address-overcrowding-environment-124091600069_1.html)**

By Karishma Vaswani
	Bali is broken. These days, the jewel in Indonesia’s crown of sun-kissed islands is less paradise, more parking lot. Tourists are bringing in much-desired revenue, but there’s just too many of them. The government’s proposal to temporarily curb new building construction of hotels and villas can’t come quickly enough.  Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
	The “Island of the Gods” needs urgent attention. It’s the archipelago’s golden goose, accounting for a significant chunk of international arrivals, bringing in visitors from all over the world. Authorities need to come up with a solution to mange the rampant overdevelopment that’s become Bali’s hallmark, keep the number of visitors under control and protect the local environment and culture. 
	Indonesia is home to 18,000 islands, but only 6,000 are inhabited. Of these, Bali has historically enjoyed pole position in the rankings of most-popular holiday spot. It sits to the east of the country’s most populous island of Java, separated by the narrow Bali Strait. The majority-Hindu population is also a draw, offering starkly different culture and customs (Indonesia is the world’s largest Muslim nation.)  
	It was also among the hardest-hit regions when Covid-19 struck, leaving hotels and beaches empty. Tourists contribute more than 60 per cent to the island’s economy, providing much-needed employment for its more than 4 million inhabitants.
	So when they disappeared, gross domestic product shrank by 9.3 per cent in 2020, the worst among all of Indonesia’s provinces. I traveled to Bali soon after borders opened and saw the extent of the damage first-hand. So many friends and contacts in the local tourism industry had lost jobs, forced to return to their family’s farmlands to make ends meet. 
	Since then though, visitors have come back — and with a vengeance. Around 5 million visitors arrived in 2023 — close to 2019 levels, a number that’s expected to grow even further this year. Much of this is down to the success of various government initiatives — incentives like the “second home” and golden visas for wealthy global citizens and foreign investors, and the digital nomad programs popular with the crypto-currency trading crowd.
	Turns out you can have too much of a good thing. An enclave for hippies in the 1970s, and a rite of passage for surfers looking for the perfect wave, so many of those picture-perfect Balinese destinations — Uluwatu, Padang-Padang and especially Canggu —  have morphed from heavenly beach spots into nightmarish neighborhoods. Snaking, hours-long traffic jams and noisy construction are the norm and not the exception. Hardly the peaceful getaway to escape city life.  
	That’s why the provincial government is considering curbing the construction of new hotels, villas, discos and beach clubs. It’s aimed at slowing down the pace of land development and overcrowding in tourist hot spots. You just need to take a drive to one of the busy districts like Seminyak to see the number of villas and hotels being built. Concrete and cement structures now stand in the place of lush green paddy fields. To help fund ecological protection projects, authorities launched a $10 tourist tax, but it has had little to no success because of poor implementation. Most tourists don’t even know they have to pay it. 
	Not all visitors are welcome. Officials have talked about how badly behaved some are, and the risk to local culture. Holiday-makers posing naked on sacred mountains, allegations of drug abuse, and attacks on local people have exhausted patience. The government deported more than 100 tourists last year, and imposed a motorbike ban after a spate of dangerous road accidents. 
	Previous administrations have tried to solve these problems before, but nothing has worked, mainly because of a lack of policy implementation. Even with this plan to temporarily halt development, which sounds great on paper, there is no clear timeline. 
	There are concrete things Indonesian authorities can do. A railway transport plan, connecting the airport with popular tourist hubs, would go a long way to solve the gridlock issue. But many Balinese say they don’t see it benefiting them, and the construction will no doubt add to the current traffic. A completion date of 2027 is being discussed, but even before the project has kicked off properly there are concerns about an over-reliance on Chinese contractors, and the possibility that it could be held up by local regulations. 
	It’s time to look beyond Bali, and diversify Indonesia’s holiday destination offerings. Other islands, like Sumba and Labuan Bajo, are starting to become popular with discerning tourists, though none has Bali’s the mass appeal. Improving air connectivity and infrastructure, and marketing them better, would go a long way toward attracting more visitors. This would help to reduce the dependence on Bali as a cash-cow, and also add to Indonesia’s appeal as a vacation spot. 
	Spanning the distance between London and Baghdad from west to east, with three different time zones and hundreds of different ethnic groups and languages, Indonesia is a big and beautiful country. The next Bali is just waiting to be found. The gods of the island will thank you for it.
Disclaimer: This is a Bloomberg Opinion piece, and these are the personal opinions of the writer. They do not reflect the views of www.business-standard.com or the Business Standard newspaper

#### **3. [Sachin Pilot claims BJP tampering with Constitution, reservation policies](https://www.business-standard.com/politics/sachin-pilot-claims-bjp-tampering-with-constitution-reservation-policies-124091600155_1.html)**

Congress leader and in-charge of Chhattisgarh Sachin Pilot on Sunday. criticised the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) over alleged attempts to tamper with the Constitution and reservation policies. He also commented on Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's recent statement about his resignation from the Chief Minister's post .
		Regarding Kejriwal's announcement that he will resign from his position in two days unless the public declares him 'honest,' Pilot said, "It is their (people of Delhi) decision whom they will announce as the Chief Minister. The Congress party is ready for every challenge... We will form the government in Haryana and J & K." Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		Pilot also spoke about the BJP's handling of constitutional matters and reservation. He said, "Reservation is given to the people. I am surprised to see the history. After tampering with the constitution and reservation recently, who asked why 400 MPs were needed in the Lok Sabha, the public has answered that further attacks will not work. The time limit of the BJP, with which it has gathered votes, has expired and it is true that voices were raised from within the Bharatiya Janata Party to stop the tampering they wanted to do with the constitution, reservation, and the interests of the tribal Dalit people."
		Pilot underlined that the Congress party, along with the INDIA alliance, will firmly stand against any attempts to alter the Constitution or reservation policies. "The public has put their mind in this Lok Sabha election and the Congress Party India alliance will stand firmly on this issue. We will not let any tampering happen at any cost," he added.
		Pilot also criticised the current state of governance, accusing the BJP of running a flawed administration. He claimed that the BJP government is failing in various areas, including law and order, women's safety, and general governance. "Now the changed tone of the people of the ruling party that we are seeing is after June 4. When the results are out, now there is mutual agreement. Succession war is ready to start in BJP. Government is running on crutches in Delhi, that is why they are continuously making allegations."
		He called on the BJP to focus on development and effective governance rather than making baseless allegations. "Now the time has come. You have formed the government, now do development, do governance, correct the mistakes, listen to the voice of opposition, listen to the voice of the public, and work on the ground. How they look at what those are saying, it is their decision in 2 days whether they make the chief minister or what happens there," Pilot said.
		Pilot then asserted that the Congress party is prepared to tackle any political challenge, be it in Delhi or the upcoming elections in Haryana and Jammu & Kashmir. "Whatever political challenge comes, we will face it strongly. Elections are being held in every state like Haryana and Kashmir. We will form a government in both states and whatever decision is taken in Delhi, the Congress party will take it forward strongly. Our party has been protesting continuously, whether it is law and order, women oppression, or looting, the government has failed in every field and it has not even been 10 months for the government, public trust has been lost," Pilot said.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **4. [Five things to know about attempt on Trump at one of his golf courses](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/five-things-to-know-about-attempt-on-trump-at-one-of-his-golf-courses-124091600147_1.html)**

Former President Donald Trump is safe following what the FBI says "appears to be an attempted assassination while playing golf two months after another attempt on his life at a rally in Pennsylvania.
		Local authorities said the US Secret Service agents protecting Trump fired at a man pointing an AK-style rifle with a scope as Trump was playing on one of his Florida golf courses in West Palm Beach. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		Here are five things to know about what happened Sunday to the Republican presidential nominee.
Who is the suspect?
		Law enforcement officials said the man who pointed the rifle and was arrested is Ryan Wesley Routh. The officials identified the suspect to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the ongoing investigation.
		Records show Routh, 58, lived in North Carolina for most of his life before moving in 2018 to Kaaawa, Hawaii, where he and his son operated a company building sheds, according to an archived version of the webpage for the business.
		Routh frequently posted on social media about the war in Ukraine and had a website where he sought to raise money and recruit volunteers to go to Kyiv to join the fight against the Russian invasion. In June 2020, he made a post on X directed at then-President Trump to say he would win reelection if he issued an executive order for the Justice Department to prosecute police misconduct. That year, he also posted in support of the Democratic presidential campaign of then-US Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii, who has since left the party and endorsed Trump.
		However, in recent years, his posts suggest he soured on Trump, and he expressed support for President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris.
		In July, following the assassination attempt on Trump in Pennsylvania, Routh urged Biden and Harris to visit those wounded in the shooting at the hospital and to attend the funeral of a former fire chief killed at the rally.
		Voter records show he registered as an unaffiliated voter in North Carolina in 2012, most recently voting in person during the state's Democratic Party primary in March 2024. Federal campaign finance records show Routh made 19 small political donations totaling $140 since 2019 using his Hawaii address to ActBlue, a political action committee that supports Democratic candidates.
ALSO READ: Rifle poking from bushes: How Donald Trump escaped latest assassination bid
		Records show that while living in Greensboro, North Carolina, Routh had multiple run-ins with law enforcement. He was convicted in 2002 of possessing a weapon of mass destruction, according to online North Carolina Department of Adult Correction records.
		The records do not provide details about the case. But a News & Record story from 2002 says a man with the same name was arrested after a three-hour standoff with police. The story says he was pulled over during a traffic stop, put his hand on a gun and barricaded himself inside a roofing business. He owned the roofing company, according to state incorporation filings.
How did this happen?
		Local authorities said the gunman was about 400 yards to 500 yards away from Trump and hiding in shrubbery while the former president was playing a round of golf at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach.
		Ric Bradshaw, sheriff of Palm Beach County, said that when people get into the shrubbery around the course, they're pretty much out of sight. Bradshaw said the entire golf course would have been lined with law enforcement if Trump were the sitting president, but because he's not, security is limited to the areas the Secret Service deems possible.
		Trump's protective detail has been higher than some of his peers because of his high visibility and his campaign to seek the White House again. His security was bolstered days before the July assassination attempt in Pennsylvania because of a threat on Trump's life from Iran, US officials said.
What has Trump said since the attempt?
		In an email to supporters, Trump said: There were gunshots in my vicinity, but before rumors start spiraling out of control, I wanted you to hear this first: I AM SAFE AND WELL!
		His running mate, JD Vance, and US Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said they spoke with Trump after the incident, and both said he was in good spirits. Trump also checked in with several Fox News hosts.
		Fox News host Sean Hannity, a close friend of the former president's, said on air that he spoke with Trump and his golf partner, Steve Witkoff, afterward. They told Hannity they had been on the fifth hole when they heard a pop pop, pop pop. Within seconds, he said Witkoff recounted, Secret Service agents pounced on Trump and covered him to protect him.
		Moments later, Witkoff said, a fast cart with steel reinforcement and other protection was able to whisk Trump away.
ALSO READ: Another attempt on Trump's life raises questions on security lapses
		Hannity said Trump's reaction after this happened and when it was clear that everyone, including Witkoff, was safe was to quip that he was sad he hadn't been able to finish the hole since he was even and had a birdie putt.
What is Vice President Kamala Harris saying?
		Harris, Trump's Democratic opponent in the presidential election, posted on X that she had been briefed on the reports of gunshots fired.
		I am glad he is safe. Violence has no place in America.
		The White House said President Joe Biden and Harris would be kept updated on the investigation. The White House added it was relieved to know Trump is safe.
What's next?
		Trump has not announced any changes to his schedule and is set to speak live on X on Monday night from his Mar-a-Lago resort to launch his sons' crypto platform.
		Meanwhile, the leaders of a congressional bipartisan task force investigating the July 13 assassination attempt on Trump said they have requested a briefing by the Secret Service.
		We are thankful that the former President was not harmed, but remain deeply concerned about political violence and condemn it in all of its forms, Rep. Mike Kelly, R-Pa., and Rep. Jason Crow, D-Colo., said in a statement. They said the task force will share updates.
		US Rep. Jared Moskowitz, a Florida Democrat who is part of the task force, said he will seek answers about what happened today and then.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **5. [TikTok heads to court over US law that could ban popular platform](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/tiktok-heads-to-court-over-us-law-that-could-ban-popular-platform-124091600139_1.html)**

The US government and TikTok will go head-to-head in federal court on Monday as oral arguments begin in a consequential legal case that will determine if or how a popular social media platform used by nearly half of all Americans will continue to operate in the country.
		Attorneys for the two sides will appear before a panel of judges at the federal appeals court in Washington. TikTok and its China-based parent company, ByteDance, are challenging a US law that requires them to break ties or face a ban in the US by mid-January. The legal battle is expected to reach the US Supreme Court. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		The law, signed by President Joe Biden in April, was a culmination of a years-long saga in Washington over the short-form video-sharing app, which the government sees as a national security threat due to its connections to China. But TikTok argues the law runs afoul of the First Amendment while other opponents claim it mirrors crackdowns sometimes seen in authoritarian countries abroad.
		In court documents submitted over the summer, the Justice Department emphasized the government's two primary concerns. First, TikTok collects vast swaths of user data, including sensitive information on viewing habits, that could fall into the hands of the Chinese government through coercion. Second, the US says the proprietary algorithm that fuels what users see on the app is vulnerable to manipulation by Chinese authorities, who can use it to shape content on the platform in a way that's difficult to detect.
		TikTok has repeatedly said it does not share US user data with the Chinese government and that concerns the government has raised have never been substantiated. In court documents, attorneys for both TikTok and its parent company have argued that members of Congress sought to punish the platform based on propaganda they perceived to be on TikTok. The companies also claimed divestment is not possible and that the app would have to shut down by Jan. 19 if the courts don't step in to block the law.
		Even if divestiture were feasible, TikTok in the United States would still be reduced to a shell of its former self, stripped of the innovative and expressive technology that tailors content to each user, the companies said in a legal brief filed in June. It would also become an island, preventing Americans from exchanging views with the global TikTok community.
		Opponents of the law stress a ban would also cause disruptions in the world of marketing, retail and in the lives of many different content creators, some of whom also sued the government in May. TikTok is covering the legal costs for that lawsuit, which the court has consolidated with the company's complaint and another filed on behalf of conservative creators who work with a nonprofit called BASED Politics Inc.
		Though the government's primary reasoning for the law is public, significant portions of its court filings include classified information that has been redacted and hidden from public view. The companies have asked the court to reject the secret filings or appoint a district judge who can ferret through the material, which the government has opposed because it will cause a delay in the case. If admitted into the court, legal experts say those secret filings could make it nearly impossible to know some of the factors that could play a part in the eventual ruling.
		In one of the redacted statements submitted in late July, the Justice Department claimed TikTok took direction from the Chinese government about content on its platform, without disclosing additional details about when or why those incidents occurred. Casey Blackburn, a senior US intelligence official, wrote in a legal statement that ByteDance and TikTok have taken action in response to Chinese government demands to censor content outside of China. Though the intelligence community had no information that this has happened on the platform operated by TikTok in the US, Blackburn said there is a risk it may occur.
		In a separate document submitted to court, the DOJ said the US is not required to wait until its foreign adversary takes specific detrimental actions before responding to such a threat.
		The companies, however, argue the government could have taken a more tailored approach to resolve its concerns.
		During high-stakes negotiations with the Biden administration more than two years ago, TikTok presented the government with a draft 90-page agreement that allows a third party to monitor the platform's algorithm, content moderation practices and other programming. TikTok says it has spent more than $2 billion to voluntarily implement some of these measures, which include storing US user data on servers controlled by the tech giant Oracle. But it said a deal was not reached because government officials essentially walked away from the negotiating table in August 2022.
		Justice officials have argued complying with the draft agreement is impossible, or would require extensive resources, due to the size and the technical complexity of TikTok. The Justice Department also said the only thing that would resolve the government's concerns is severing the ties between TikTok and ByteDance given the porous relationship between the Chinese government and Chinese companies.
		But some observers have wondered whether such a move would accelerate the so-called decoupling between the US and its strategic rival at a time when other China-founded companies, such as Shein and Temu, are also making a big splash in the West. Last week, the Biden administration proposed rules that would crack down on duty-free products being shipped directly from China.
		For its part, ByteDance has publicly said TikTok is not up for sale. But that has not stopped some investors, including former Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and billionaire Frank McCourt, from announcing bids to purchase the platform. However, even if such a sale would occur, it would most likely be devoid of TikTok's coveted algorithm, leaving a big question mark on whether the platform would be capable of serving up the type of personally tailored videos that users have come to expect.
		The political alignments on the issue are playing out in unconventional ways.
		The law, which passed with bipartisan approval in Congress, had encountered resistance from some progressive and Republican lawmakers who voiced concerns about giving the government the power to ban a platform used by 170 million Americans. Former President Donald Trump, who tried to ban TikTok while in office, is now opposing a ban because that would help its rival, Facebook, a platform Trump continues to criticize over his 2020 election loss.
		In court, free speech and social justice groups have submitted amicus briefs in support of TikTok, arguing it restricts the First Amendment rights of users and suppresses the speech of minority communities by disrupting a tool many of them use to advocate for causes online. Some libertarian groups with ties to ByteDance investor Jeff Yass have also filed briefs supporting the company.
		Meanwhile, the Biden administration has received the backing of more than 20 Republican attorneys general, former national security officials and China-focused human rights groups who are asking the court to uphold the law.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **6. [China's fading hunger for food grain spells trouble for world farmers](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/china-s-fading-hunger-for-food-grain-spells-trouble-for-world-farmers-124091600095_1.html)**

By Hallie Gu, Tarso Veloso and Keira Wright
		Warehouses across China are bulging with grain as a deepening economic crisis takes hold, leaving the world’s farmers to grapple with the prospect of a long-lasting slowdown gripping one of their largest customers.
		The strain across global markets is already showing. French barley exports to China have been tumbling and the US has yet to sell a full corn cargo for the new season. Wheat farmers in Australia are likely to be nervous as they prepare to start harvesting their new crop over the coming weeks. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		None of this will change soon, and the combination of an aging population and a cooling economy augurs poorly for the future. Traders and farmers will need to start adjusting to a very different demand outlook. Even if food security concerns keep imports robust for years to come, the meteoritic growth seen through the past two decades is likely over.
		“People are getting more pessimistic about the economy and demand,” said Ivy Li, a Shanghai-based commodity markets analyst at StoneX. “Importers will be very cautious, buying more slowly and doing more hand-to-mouth purchases. Impact from the collapse of confidence is all around.”
		Grain Prices Are Near Lowest Since 2020 | Index of benchmark Chicago futures has slumped this year
		China’s slowdown and the pain in the country’s property market have battered consumer confidence, pushing money-conscious households to cut back on meat and forgo restaurants, curbing the amount of crops needed to feed a massive pig herd or to fry food. 
		Beijing has already taken steps to try to protect farmers, asking traders to limit overseas purchases of corn, barley and sorghum — an effort to ease oversupply exacerbated by a buying spree earlier in the year, when merchants snapped up cheap overseas cargoes. These eventually flowed to Chinese ports just as consumption softened. The nation has also moved to reduce the use of soymeal in animal feed.
Shrinking Trade
		China’s economic boom at the start of the century transformed the nation into a powerhouse consumer of commodities from grain to metals and oil, and led to resource-rich countries ramping up output to meet surging demand. China’s own agriculture industry is huge, but the need to feed 1.4 billion people mean it’s become a behemoth importer of soybeans over the years — and more recently a major wheat buyer.
		For the season starting in September, the US has sold only 13,400 metric tons of corn for delivery to China, compared with more than 564,000 tons a year earlier, according to US Department of Agriculture data. Over the course of 2023-24, exports were 63% lower. Shipments from Brazil also fell.
		Exports of French barley — including malting that’s used to make beer — are running almost 50% lower this season from the key Rouen port compared with a year ago. Industry group Intercereales sent a delegation to China seeking clarity from customers on a recent request by authorities to limit imports. 
		“We are witnessing a bit of a freeze in business,” said Philippe Heusele, the president of international relations at Intercereales.
Feeding Pigs
		One key commodity where China will continue to rely heavily on imports is soybeans, with Brazil and the US big winners from the trade. Its domestic output is far from being capable of meeting its needs, even if demand has slowed.
		Brazil saw record exports to China earlier this year thanks to cheaper beans, used for cooking oil and animal feed for pigs. But looking ahead, the US has so far sold less than 5 million tons for delivery in the 2024-25 season — the lowest in 16 years outside of the 2018-19 trade war, and down 25% from a year ago.
		China's Soybean Imports Dwarf Other Countries | Nation processes beans into animal feed and cooking oil
		“Chinese demand is not as strong as it has been in the past,” said Paulo Sousa, the president for Cargill Inc. in Brazil. “We are not seeing significant growth like in previous years.”
		And local farmers are not the only ones feeling the squeeze, with profits for major catering businesses in Beijing plunging 88% over the first half of the year as consumers became more frugal.
‘Greater Scrutiny’
		The outlook for the Chinese economy remains bleak, with deflation showing signs of spiraling and the nation’s annual growth target this year looking increasingly out of reach. Some in China’s agriculture industry are starting to run the numbers on what imports in 2024-25 may look like. 
		Overseas corn shipments could more than halve to 9 million to 11 million tons, while wheat imports may decline to around 7 million to 9 million tons — down from 13 million in 2023-24 — according to traders based in China, who asked not to be identified because they’re not authorized to speak to media.
		China Grapples With Oversupply as Demand Slows | Imports of grains could slump to lowest since pandemic
		Beijing “stated earlier this year their goal of improving incomes for Chinese grain producers and to promote increased efficiency in agriculture, which implies China will have greater scrutiny on imports in the future,” said Tanner Ehmke, lead economist for grains and oilseeds at CoBank. “But there’s also the obvious concern about China’s slowing economy.”
		While foreign farmers and traders will likely see profits shrink, the upside for global consumers is that cheaper grain could ease pressure on food inflation that surged after the invasion of Ukraine. The other unknown heading into 2025 is the outcome of the US presidential election in November, which could upend trade flows should the winner take a tough stance on China.
		A final question mark is the weather, which could yet hit plans to reduce overseas purchases. China was forced to feed a large portion of its wheat to animals last year after rain damage, boosting imports.
		China has been the biggest buyer of Australian wheat over the past couple of years. It’s now yet another producer where some farmers are already looking elsewhere.
		Farmer Andrew Weidemann usually ships around a fifth of his grain to China. He’s expecting that volume to halve. “Anything that happens in China is going to have a huge impact on the markets everywhere else,” said Weidemann, who operates a farm spanning 4,000 hectares in central Victoria in the southeast of Australia.

#### **7. ['Govt to get census underway soon, One Nation One Election also on cards'](https://www.business-standard.com/politics/govt-to-get-census-underway-soon-one-nation-one-election-also-on-cards-124091600011_1.html)**

Unfazed by its reduced numbers in the 2024 Parliamentary elections, the Bhartiya Janata Party-led government will continue to work on the agenda that was promised in 2014, when Prime Minister Modi was first sworn in as PM, say top sources.
		During its first two terms, the PM Narendra Modi-led government had delivered on its key promises, including construction of the Ram temple at Ayodhya, abolition of article 370 in JK and the implementation of the citizenship amendment Act, among others. The promise of One Nation-One Election, wherein state assembly polls is held along with parliamentary polls, is another big promise in the BJP's election manifesto. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		Sources say the ruling NDA government is committed to hold simultaneous general and assembly elections. Sources also added that One Nation-One Election will become a reality in this term of the government itself and the BJP is hoping to muster support of other political parties as well.
		Several opposition parties and chief ministers of opposition rule states have opposed the idea of One Nation-One Election.
		Prime Minister Modi has been advocating reforms in the electoral process and holding of simultaneous general elections and assembly elections to save resources, reduce pressure on administrative machinery in conducting of elections around the year and save public money. The High-Level Committee on 'One Nation-One Election' led by former President Ram Nath Kovind in its report stated that frequent elections create an atmosphere of uncertainty and impact policy decisions, adding that holding simultaneous elections would bring enhanced certainty in policy making. While highlighting the advantages of simultaneous elections, the committee stated that 'One Nation One Election' ensures ease and convenience to voters, avoids voters' fatigue, and facilitates greater voter turnout.
		The Prime Minister, in his speech from the ramparts of the Red Fort on Independence Day, also advocated for having simultaneous assembly and parliamentary polls.
		"Continuous elections in the country are causing headraces in development. Welfare schemes in the country are now linked to the elections. Every three to six months we have elections, every work in the country is now linked to elections. A wide range of discussions have already happened. Every political party has already expressed their views. A committee has already submitted the report on this. The nation must come forward for One Nation-One Election. I request all political parties from the Red Fort to come forward for One Nation-One Election," he had said.
		Meanwhile, sources have also told ANI that administrative work to hold the long-delayed countrywide Census is underway; however, no decision has yet been taken on whether a caste index or column will be included in the Census exercise. Opposition parties like the Congress, RJD and SP have been vociferously demanding the conducting of the Caste Census. NDA alliance partner Lok Janashakthi Party chief Chirag Paswan is also in favour of a countrywide Caste Census.
		The last Census was conducted in 2011 and it is due since 2021. The Census is conducted every ten years, but Census 2021 was delayed due the COVID-19 pandemic and has been on hold since then. The Census provides key socio-economic and demographic data to policy makers and plays a crucial role in governance.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **8. [Breaking our unyielding addiction to plastics is easier said than done](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/breaking-our-unyielding-addiction-to-plastics-is-easier-said-than-done-124091600073_1.html)**

By David Fickling
	Could our unshakeable addiction to plastics be broken?
	That’s certainly the hope of activists. The US — birthplace of the modern polymers industry, and the biggest producer of its key feedstocks, oil and gas — has joined a bloc supporting a worldwide treaty capping plastics production. That could make a United Nations meeting in South Korea in November into a turning point in the material culture of humanity. The harder challenge will be ensuring that an agreement is workable. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
	Whichever way you look at it, a mountain of waste polymers is likely to be one of the most lasting monuments of the 21st century. We produce some 400 million metric tons of plastics year in, year out. Except for the roughly 9 per cent that’s recycled and 12 per cent that’s incinerated, all of it ends up somewhere in the environment, whether in a landfill or scattered through our streets, soil and oceans. Do everything feasible to stop that runaway train and we might cut output by about 40 per cent by 2040, according to one influential study. Even such an ambitious scenario would leave more than 10 billion tons of waste by mid-century.
	How you feel about that depends on how you weigh the contradictory evidence about the costs and benefits of plastics. It’s not enough to point at a large number and worry about it: Each year we manufacture four billion tons of cement, two billion tons of steel, pump 4.5 billion tons of oil from the ground, and release 35 billion tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. Whether you consider that a problem depends on whether you think the waste is damaging (like CO2) or largely harmless, like concrete.
	Plastics, furthermore, have real advantages over the alternatives. They’re light, largely inert, and in many cases do less environmental damage than metal and glass (whose carbon footprint tends to be higher) and even paper (whose effluent pollutes fresh water). Packaging, the main bogeyman for consumers, only comprises about 31 per cent of the plastics we consume. The rest is split between a dizzying array of uses, from water pipes to car dashboards, domestic appliances, clothing and medical devices. Our reflexive dislike of polymers blinds us to the countless ways modern life would be impossible without them. 
	All that said, with each passing year we see more studies showing how plastics are accumulating in the natural environment and the tissues of humans, animals and plants. Hard evidence of the harm this causes is scant, but the pathways are well understood — from toxic additives that can be leached out over time, to pollutants absorbed in the environment the way static picks up dust, and then released deep inside the body. Few regret the precautionary approach that previous generations took in the face of early evidence about the harmful effects from tobacco, ozone-depleting chemicals or greenhouse gases. Given the immense difficulty we will have reining in our polymer habit, a similarly proactive policy makes sense. 
	What would a global cap on plastics production look like? It’s unlikely to be the most important part of any upcoming treaty. The setting of international standards to eliminate toxic additives like BPA and phthalates (used to make polymers, respectively, more rigid and more flexible) will likely make the biggest difference to human and animal health. Efforts to standardise production processes to ease recycling will have more of an impact on the environment.
	Support for waste management in fast-growing emerging economies will have the largest bearing on on marine pollution. A hard cap, however, could be the sort of difficult-to-achieve target that concentrates minds and unlocks human ingenuity. 
	Those reductions shouldn’t be impossible to achieve. Most would argue that Japan and South Korea have comparable living standards to the US, but the latter consumes two-and-a-half times as much plastics per capita. If the world as a whole could reduce our usage to roughly the level China sees today and increase reuse toward the rates at which the European Union recycles polymer packaging, we might hold production of new plastics below 500 million tons a year.
	That might not sound like much, but it would still be a phenomenal achievement, especially when put against forecasts by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development that we might be heading to more than double those levels.
	If you think it’s been hard dethroning fossil fuels’ centrality to our energy system, be prepared for many decades of struggle. Electricity from wind, solar, batteries and nuclear power provides a compelling alternative to coal, gas and oil. There are few substitutes waiting in the wings that could repeat that trick with polymers. Plastics are woven through the fabric of modern life quite as intricately as their waste materials are scattered through the natural environment. It won’t be easy to replace them, but the first step is to try. 
Disclaimer: This is a Bloomberg Opinion piece, and these are the personal opinions of the writer. They do not reflect the views of www.business-standard.com or the Business Standard newspaper

#### **9. [PwC making tangible investments for 'high quality' business in China](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/pwc-making-tangible-investments-for-high-quality-business-in-china-124091600089_1.html)**

PwC is making "tangible investments" to ensure the Big Four firm has high quality and sustainable business in China, it said in a memo to staff after Chinese regulators on Friday hit the company's mainland unit with a record penalty.
			PwC Zhong Tian LLP was hit with a six-month suspension and a fine of 441 million yuan ($62 million) on Friday over the firm's audit of failed property developer China Evergrande Group.
			  Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
			Chinese authorities have been examining PwC's role in Evergrande's accounting practices since the country's securities regulator accused the developer in March of a $78-billion fraud over a period of two years through 2020.
			"We want to recognize that this has been an extremely challenging period for all of you," said the PwC internal memo issued late on Friday after the regulatory penalty announcement, and reviewed by Reuters.
			"The PwC network has also shown continued support for our China firm throughout this period ... They are making tangible investments to ensure we have long term, high quality and sustainable business in China," it said.
			PwC did not immediately reply to Reuters' query on Monday.
			"I know that the coming weeks will not be easy as we put in place a detailed remediation plan and begin to position the business for future success," the firm's new China territory head, Hemione Hudson, said in the memo.
			PwC appointed its global risk and regulatory leader Hudson to replace China territory senior partner Daniel Li as part of its remedial actions. Li stepped down given his "former responsibilities" as head of the local auditing business.
			The firm said that its leadership team would help staff "navigate any questions or concerns" they might have related to the Chinese regulatory announcements.
			"One of my areas of focus will be on spending time with you and looking at ways of further developing our talent, including investing in you as our people," Hudson said in the memo.
			The memo also said that PwC China had a long history of hi gh-quality audits.
			"We do not believe that the behavior of a very small number of engagement team members is representative of the work of the vast majority of PwC China's 18,000 professionals," it said.
			Separately, regulators are continuing their investigation into PwC's work by its Hong Kong unit in relation to China Evergrande, which is a Hong Kong listed entity, according to mainland and Hong Kong regulatory statements on Friday.
			The penalty announced by the mainland regulators "has laid an important landmark in cross-boarder law enforcement of China Evergrande", said a statement by Hong Kong's Accounting and Financial Reporting Council on Friday.
			"Our independent investigation into China Evergrande will roll out in an orderly way," it said.
(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **10. ['Only 10% of India's 1.5 mn engineering graduates to secure jobs this year'](https://www.business-standard.com/finance/personal-finance/only-10-of-india-s-1-5-mn-engineering-graduates-set-to-secure-jobs-this-yr-124091600127_1.html)**

Despite India's reputation as a global powerhouse for engineering talent, a significant gap persists between the number of engineering graduates and their employability. This disparity poses a significant challenge to the nation's economic growth and technological advancement.
The Employability Dilemma: Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		 India produces a staggering 1.5 million engineering graduates annually, yet only a small percentage secure employment. Employability among engineering graduates stands over 60%, with only 45% meeting industry standards. Furthermore, a mere 10% of the 1.5 million engineers expected to graduate this fiscal year are anticipated to secure employment, according to a report by TeamLease.  The major reason, it said, is the skills gap among engineering graduates.
		“Engineering has long been a cornerstone of India’s development, emerging as one of the most preferred career choices, shaping the nation’s innovation, infrastructure, and progress. As we celebrate National Engineering Day, honoring the critical contributions of engineers in driving the country’s growth, India proudly stands as a leader in producing engineering talent, with nearly 1.5 engineers graduating annually. However, despite this impressive output, the employability of our engineering graduates remains a significant challenge,” said the report by TeamLease Degree Apprenticeship.
		 NASSCOM has projected that India’s technology sector will require over one million engineers with advanced skills in artificial intelligence and other cutting-edge technologies within the next 2-3 years. Additionally, the demand-supply gap for digital talent is poised to widen from the current 25 per cent to almost 30 per cent by 2028. The escalating demand, fueled by the rise of AI, electric vehicles (EVs), semiconductors, and the growing electronics industry, underscores a critical challenge regarding the employability of engineering graduates.
		As industries increasingly seek expertise in domains such as cybersecurity, IT, robotics, and data science, it is evident that conventional academic education alone is inadequate. 
		To address this skills gap, essential measures involve the amalgamation of technical education with hands-on vocational training.
		"Apprenticeships bridge this gap by offering structured, hands-on training alongside formal education, ensuring that young professionals are work-ready from day one. With real-world experience and mentorship, apprentices can develop the critical skills required to meet the growing demands of the industry, a win-win for both professionals and companies," said Dhriti Prasanna Mahanta, Vice President and Chief Business Officer at TeamLease Degree Apprenticeship.
Here are they key highlights of the report:
Skill Gap: Many engineering graduates lack the practical skills and industry-specific knowledge required to meet the demands of employers.
Evolving Job Landscape: Rapid technological advancements and the rise of emerging industries have created a skills mismatch.
The Role of Apprenticeships:
Bridging the Gap: Apprenticeships offer a valuable solution by combining academic learning with practical, on-the-job training.
Industry-Relevant Skills: Apprenticeships equip young engineers with the skills and experience needed to thrive in today's competitive job market.
Managed Training Services (MTS): Innovative programs like MTS provide intensive, industry-focused training to enhance job readiness.
Industry Demands and Future Outlook:
Addressing the Challenge:

#### **11. [China's deepening economic slowdown tests Xi's tolerance for growth miss](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/china-s-deepening-economic-slowdown-tests-xi-s-tolerance-for-growth-miss-124091600064_1.html)**

By Bloomberg News
	Back in January, Premier Li Qiang trumpeted China’s success in exceeding its 2023 growth goal without resorting to “massive stimulus.” Repeating the same feat this year now looks less likely.
	Pressure is growing on Chinese authorities to quickly ramp up fiscal and monetary stimulus to hit this year’s growth target of around 5 per cent. Data published Saturday showed industrial output marking its longest slowing streak since 2021 last month, while consumption and investment weakened more than expected. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
	Hours before the release, the People’s Bank of China signaled in a rare statement alongside disappointing credit data that fighting deflation would become a higher priority, and indicated more monetary easing ahead.  
	“This set of data calls for aggressive fiscal expansion to change expectations and to rejuvenate confidence in the economy,” Hao Hong, chief economist at Grow Investment Group, wrote on social media platform X. “Otherwise we would be sleepwalking to a deepening gloom.” 
	The deterioration is testing President Xi Jinping’s tolerance for missing a high-profile target, as he balances growth with avoiding the big stimulus that fueled previous boom-and-bust cycles. Failure to achieve the goal could further undermine confidence in the world’s No. 2 economy, with foreign investors already pulling a record amount of money from China in the second quarter.
	August’s data bolstered evidence that the Chinese economy has weakened since growth in gross domestic product slowed to 4.7 per cent in the three months ending June. That was the worst pace in five quarters, and — crucially — below Beijing’s annual target of around 5 per cent.
	The focus is now on October’s third quarter reading. Data so far suggests GDP will expand at 4.6 per cent-4.7 per cent for the period, BNP Paribas SA’s chief China economist Jacqueline Rong estimates. 
	Analysts at Macquarie Group Ltd. including Larry Hu expect full-year growth to come in at that level if the current momentum continues into the December period, “missing the target of around 5 per cent.” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. over the weekend downgraded its GDP forecast for this year to 4.7 per cent, adding to the chorus of doubt.  
	That would mark the second time in three years that China failed to hit its target. Covid lockdowns in 2022 led to the biggest miss since the government began setting GDP targets in the early 1990s.   
	President Xi last week appeared to signal tolerance for a rate slightly lower than 5 per cent, when he urged officials to implement existing policies to “strive to achieve” the full-year goals. That language seemed less forceful than a July call to “resolutely” meet the objectives.
	“He was avoiding putting too much pressure on the officials to hit 5 per cent growth,” said Ding Shuang, chief economist for Greater China and North Asia at Standard Chartered Plc. “As long as they implement policies faithfully, a growth rate eventually slightly lower than 5 per cent would be acceptable, I think.” 
	Xi made the remarks at a gathering of some Communist Party chiefs held in the country’s northwestern Gansu, which is among the 12 provinces deemed by the central government to have an alarmingly high amount of debt.  
	Once a key driver of growth, provinces have turned more reluctant to spend. Their issuance of new special bonds in the first eight months of the year was at the slowest pace since 2021. That left local officials with about 1.4 trillion yuan ($197 billion) in this year’s quota still to tap, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. 
	While the central government could step in and repeat last year’s rare ad hoc budget revision to unleash more spending, time is running out to rescue the 2024 target. Analysts are forecasting further rate cuts and a reduction to the amount of cash lenders must keep in reserve, with September seen as a window.  
	“Even if additional stimulus is introduced today, the impact on the full year growth may be limited,” Ding added. “My take is that leaders may be coming to terms with the reality that there’s only about one quarter left for this year.”   
	Part of the problem is the ongoing property slump that Barclays Plc calculates has caused Chinese households to lose some $18 trillion in wealth. Real estate investment contracted in the double digits in August, according to estimates by Nomura Holdings Inc. economists including Lu Ting. 
	Deflation is also becoming more entrenched. Underscoring the risks, private investment fell in the first eight months of the year, as companies locked in price wars struggled to make a profit.
	The PBOC on Friday echoed a pledge by Governor Pan Gongsheng in June to make “maintaining price stability and pushing for the mild rebound in prices an important consideration.” However, it did not repeat Pan’s comment of “keeping policy restraint” or avoiding drastic measures.
	“The central bank may have made fighting deflation a higher priority,” said BNP’s Rong. Policies may “pivot more” toward encouraging household spending, as the PBOC also put emphasis on consumption and investment, she added. 
	Still, as bad as the data looks, policymakers will likely hold off aggressive stimulus while the economy broadly holds up. Exports last month hit their highest value in nearly two years, even as China faces a rising tide of tariffs from the US and European Union. 
	“It is unlikely that China’s senior policymakers don’t care about growth anymore,” said Louis Kuijs, chief Asia-Pacific economist at S&P Global Ratings. “But it is hard to know how weak the economy needs to get before they will agree to a more expansionary fiscal policy.”

# **Markets**

#### **1. [F&O Insights: FIIs up long bets in Nifty; 7 stocks in F&O ban today](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/news/f-o-insights-fiis-up-long-bets-in-nifty-7-stocks-in-f-o-ban-today-124091600119_1.html)**

F&O Insights for Monday, September 16, 2024: The bulls made a strong comeback last week to take benchmark indices to new all-time highs, reversing the negative sentiment in the market.
		"The occurrence of a bullish engulfing pattern immediately following a bearish engulfing pattern can indicate a significant shift in market sentiment, suggesting a potential reversal from bearish to bullish trends.” said Rahul Sharma, Director, Head- Technical & Derivative Research at JM Financial Services in a note. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		For traders, the confirmation of this reversal is crucial. It is advisable to look for additional bullish candles following the bullish engulfing pattern to strengthen the case for a trend reversal. Indicators such as volume spikes or other technical indicators (like RSI or MACD) can also provide confirmation of the bullish sentiment, Rahul Sharma added.
		The NSE Nifty 50 index had surged 2 per cent or 500 points last week despite a tepid close on Friday. The Nifty September futures edged 0.1 per cent on September 13 even as the Nifty ended in red, as future prices once again turned to premium from discount the day before.
Rajesh Bhosale, Equity Technical Analyst at Angel One in a note said that, while there are no immediate signs of weakness, the momentum oscillator RSI Smoothened has failed to surpass its previous high, signalling a '2-Point Negative Divergence' on the daily chart. Thus, with the upcoming Fed policy, booking profits at higher levels would be wise to account for potential volatility.
		For levels, 25,200 serve as immediate support. On the higher side, 25,500 – 25,600 could act as resistance, as it aligns with the 'Bearish Wolfe Wave' reversal zone, followed by 25,800 being the next retracement resistance, Rajesh Bhosale added.
		Meanwhile, the Bank Nifty futures gained 0.3 per cent on Friday, while the OI dipped by 0.6 per cent. The September contract continued to trade at a discount for the second straight day.
		On the daily chart, the Bank Nifty has witnessed a breakout of a cup and handle pattern, indicating strength. According to this pattern, the index could test 52,800 – 53,000 in the short term and 53,800 in the medium term, said Hrishikesh Yedve, AVP Technical and Derivatives Research at Asit C. Mehta Investment Interrmediates Ltd in a note.
Key Insights from Nifty, Bank Nifty options data:
		The Nifty PCR for the September 19 expiry stands at 1.1:1; showing higher open positions in Puts versus Calls. This also implies presence of higher Put Writing versus Calls, thus a likely positive bias for the market.
		Among Calls, highest OI (open interest) is visible at 26,000 Call followed by 26,500. Active trading was seen in 25,400 - 25,700 Calls. The premium action indicates likely resistance for the Nifty around 25,500 - 25,550 levels.
		On the other hand, highest OI in Puts stands at 25,000 Strike followed by 24,500 and 25,300. On Friday, notable Put writing was seen at 25,200 - 25,400 Strikes; thus data hints at a support range of 25,150 - 25,250 levels.
FII, DII trading activity in F&O - Here's all you need to know about who bought and who sold in the derivatives market on September 13?
		As per data from the NSE, FIIs net bought 18,504 contracts of index futures on Friday worth Rs 1,338.89 crore. FIIs net bought 6,030 contracts of Nifty futures; 11,499 contracts of Bank Nifty futures and 388 contracts of MidCap Nifty futures.
		FIIs long-short ratio in index futures rose to 2.07:1 from 1.90:1; on account of two counts - the FIIs added fresh Nifty longs, and exited some of their short positions. As a result of which, FIIs OI in Nifty futures declined by 0.3 per cent despite net purchases on Friday.
		Even as the FIIs net bought Bank Nifty and MidCap Nifty futures, the total OI in these two contracts also saw a decrease of 10.6 per cent and 0.6 per cent, respectively. Foreign investors total OI in index futures was down 2.2 per cent at the end of the trading session on September 13.
		Meanwhile, retail investors' continue to hold more shorts in index futures as against long positions. Their long-short ratio dipped a wee bit to 0.74:1. A total of 11,587 contracts were added on the short side of trade in index futures, while longs dipped by 1,875 contracts.
		Whereas, domestic institutional investors (DIIs) increased bets on the long side with the long-short ratio rising by 10 basis points to 0.63:1; thus now implying near about 2 long positions for every 3 bets on the short side of trade.
Bullish & Bearish stocks
		On Friday, Muthoot Finance, Can Fin Homes and Bharat Forge saw buildup of fresh long positions as the OI rose by 19 per cent, 13.6 per cent and 11.2 per cent while the stock prices gained 1.4 per cent, 2.6 per cent and 1.8 per cent, respectively. On similar lines, OFSS and Apollo Tyres too saw some long additions.
		On the other hand, Polycab India saw short buildup, as the stock dipped 1.4 per cent alongside a 9.9 per cent increase in OI. Godrej Consumer, Cummins India and Crompton Greaves also saw fresh positions being added on the short side of trade.
Stocks in F&O ban period on Monday
Aarti Industries, Balrampur Chini, Bandhan Bank, Chambal Fertilisers, Granules India, Hindustan Copper and RBL Bank are the 7 stocks placed under the F&O ban period today.

#### **2. [Jigar S Patel of Anand Rathi recommends buying these three stocks today](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/news/jigar-s-patel-of-anand-rathi-recommends-buying-these-three-stocks-today-124091600063_1.html)**

IRCTC:
	Recently, IRCTC's stock price has been consolidating around its 200-day Exponential Moving Average (DEMA), which is often seen as a critical support level. This consolidation suggests that the stock is forming a solid base, indicating a potential shift in trend.
	During the current trading session, the stock attempted to break out of its consolidation range but was unable to sustain itself above the breakout level, signalling some resistance. From a technical indicator perspective, the Daily Relative Strength Index (RSI) has bounced back from the 40 level, which coincides with a break in the bearish trendline.
	This reversal in the RSI suggests that bullish momentum may be building in the coming sessions. However, to confirm this upward move, it is recommended to enter the stock only after a decisive close above ₹953, targeting ₹1,050, with a stop-loss set at ₹895 on a daily closing basis to manage risk. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
SDBL
	SDBL reached a peak near Rs 149 in May 2024, but since then, it has experienced a significant decline, losing approximately 44 points, which translates to a 29 per cent drop in price. This sharp decline brought the stock down to a critical support level, forming a triple bottom pattern in the range of Rs 105-108.
	The triple bottom pattern, occurring at a previous demand zone, is often considered a bullish signal, suggesting that the stock has found strong support at these levels and may be poised for a reversal. On 30-08-2024 trading session, the stock saw a surge in trading volume, indicating renewed investor interest.
	The price action in this session was strong enough to give bull cross on daily MACD scale signaling a potential shift from a downtrend to an uptrend.
	These technical developments make the stock an attractive buy candidate at current levels. Based on this analysis, we recommend going long in the price range of Rs 118-120, targeting an upside of Rs 132. To manage risk, a stop-loss should be placed at Rs 112 on a daily closing basis, ensuring protection against any further downside.
PATELENG:
	 After reaching a peak around the Rs 70 mark in July 2024, the stock experienced a notable correction, losing 19 points, which translates to a significant 27 per cent decline from its recent high. This sharp pullback brought the stock down to a critical support level, located within the demand zone of Rs 50-53, a level that previously acted as a strong support during its prior uptrend.
	At this crucial support level, a bullish bat pattern has emerged—a harmonic pattern known for signaling potential bullish reversals. The bullish bat pattern is typically formed when the price action retraces to specific Fibonacci levels, indicating that the stock is poised for a reversal from its recent decline.
	The emergence of this pattern, combined with the stock finding support at a key demand zone, creates a strong confluence of technical indicators that point towards a potential upward move.
	Given these favorable technical signals, the current price levels are considered attractive for buying. Therefore, it is recommended to buy the stock within the Rs 58-60 range, with an upside target of Rs 68. To manage risk and protect against further downside, a stop-loss should be placed near Rs 55 on a daily closing basis. 
(Disclaimer: Jigar S Patel is a senior manager of equity research at Anand Rathi. Views expressed are his own.)

#### **3. [Nifty50 index bullish on tech charts; buy dips? Here's what analysts say](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/news/nifty50-index-bullish-on-tech-charts-buy-dips-here-s-what-analysts-say-124091600066_1.html)**

NIFTY 50
				The NIFTY 50 index is exhibiting a bullish trend on the charts, making it an attractive option for traders seeking to capitalize on the ongoing upward momentum. The optimal trading strategy in the near term would be to buy the index and its constituents on dips, as all relevant moving averages are aligned in an upward direction, reinforcing the bullish outlook. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
				Traders should apply a strict stop-loss if the index closes below 24,880, as this could signal a reversal of the current trend. The upside target resistance levels for this strategy are at 25,550, followed by 25,764 and 25,900. These levels are expected to provide significant resistance, and traders should monitor price action as the index approaches these zones for possible profit-taking.
				The strong momentum and supportive technical indicators make this a favorable environment for buying on dips, provided risk management is firmly in place. As long as the stop-loss at 24,880 is respected, the upside potential looks promising, and the risk-reward ratio remains favorable for bullish traders in the near term.
NIFTY MIDCAP SELECT
				The NIFTY Midcap Select index has recently shown a bullish breakout on the charts, signaling a strong near-term upward trend. This momentum presents an ideal opportunity for traders looking to capitalize on the current market dynamics. A prudent strategy would involve buying the index and its key constituents on dips, as the overall market sentiment supports a continued rise.
				However, caution is advised, and traders should implement a strict stop-loss at 12,980, as any closing below this level could invalidate the bullish setup and indicate a potential reversal in trend. The primary target for this upward move lies between 13,475 and 13,575, where the index is likely to encounter significant resistance. If the index approaches this range, traders should monitor the price action closely to evaluate potential profit-taking zones.
				The current setup offers an attractive risk-reward ratio, provided that the stop-loss discipline is strictly followed. Staying patient and buying on dips, while keeping an eye on key resistance levels, will be critical for optimizing gains in this bullish phase of the NIFTY Midcap Select.
(Disclaimer: Ravi Nathani is an independent technical analyst. Views are his own. He does not hold any positions in the Indices mentioned above and this is not an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security. It should not be construed as a recommendation to purchase or sell such securities.)

#### **4. [Bajaj Housing Finance IPO listing today: Investors eye windfall gains](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/news/bajaj-housing-finance-ipo-gmp-zooms-over-100-investors-eye-windfall-gains-124091300581_1.html)**

Baja Housing Finance IPO listing price prediction: As investors eagerly await the listing of Bajaj Housing Finance shares on the stock exchanges, scheduled for Monday, September 16, 2024, the grey market premium (GMP) of the public issue continues to remain above 100 per cent due to overwhelming demand among investors. This sustained GMP also reflects the high level of interest, and enthusiasm among investors, setting the stage for a strong post-listing performance.
		Bajaj Housing Finance IPO, which ended for subscription on Wednesday, September 11, 2024, received a whopping 8.9 million applications, eclipsing the previous record of 7.35 million set by Tata Technologies. The allotment of Bajaj Housing Finance IPO was finalised yesterday.  Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		According to several sources that track grey market activities, the unlisted shares of Bajaj Housing Finance are currently trading at a premium of approximately Rs 78, representing a 111 per cent gain over the IPO issue price. This indicates robust listing sentiments for the company's shares. 
		The latest grey market premium is marginally higher than Friday's GMP of Rs 75. It also remains significantly higher than the Rs 64 reported on September 9, 2024, the IPO's opening day.
		That said, if today's listing is as per the trends seen in the grey market, Bajaj Housing Finance shares are poised to deliver a remarkable return, potentially doubling investors' money on their debut. With an expected listing price of around Rs 148 on the BSE and NSE, incorporating the current GMP, investors can anticipate a gain of approximately Rs 78 per share. 
		Meanwhile, Shivani Nyati, Head of Wealth at Swastika Investmart, highlighted, IPO has garnered immense investor interest, evidenced by a subscription rate of 67.4 times and a sky-high grey market premium. She believes that this enthusiasm reflects the company's strong fundamentals and market anticipation. Bajaj Housing Finance has demonstrated consistent growth in both revenue and profit, showcasing favorable financial metrics. The company's association with the Bajaj Group lends credibility and trust. Moreover, the IPO's valuation appears reasonable, further fueling investor optimism.
		She added, "the combination of strong financials, a reputable brand, and immense investor interest positions Bajaj Housing Finance for a potentially successful listing."
		Much-awaited public offering of Bajaj Finance's housing finance arm had garnered positive reviews from several brokerages, including Deven Choksey Research, InCred Equities, Motilal Oswal, and Swastika Investmart, for its initial public issue. READ MORE
About Bajaj Housing Finance 
		Bajaj Housing Finance Limited (BHFL), a non-deposit taking Housing Finance Company (HFC), has been specialising in mortgage lending since FY18. Classified as an 'Upper Layer' Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC-UL) by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) since September 30, 2022, BHFL operates under the 'Scale Based Regulations (SBR): A Revised Regulatory Framework for NBFCs' introduced on October 22, 2021. The company provides customised financial solutions to individuals, and corporate entities for the purchase, renovation, and development of residential and commercial properties.

#### **5. [Buy & Sell Ideas for Sep 16; top stock picks by Rajesh Bhosale of Angel One](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/news/buy-sell-ideas-for-sep-16-top-stock-picks-by-rajesh-bhosale-of-angel-one-124091600049_1.html)**

Nifty Outlook
				The festive week was action-packed, ultimately favoring the bulls. It started on a cautious note, testing levels around 24,750, but as the week progressed, prices defended key support and moved higher. The biggest surprise came on Thursday, when within just two hours, prices shot up by over 400 points, marking a fresh new high. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
				However, Friday lacked major traction, but the week still ended strong with over 2 per cent gains, closing just above 25,350.
				After a brief pause last week, the primary uptrend has resumed with prices forming new higher highs and higher lows on the daily chart.
				This trend suggests that corrections are getting shorter, reflecting a strong bullish undercurrent where minor dips are quickly bought into. Moving forward, dips towards key support levels can be viewed as buying opportunities. While there are no immediate signs of weakness, the momentum oscillator RSI Smoothened has failed to surpass its previous high, signaling a 2-Point Negative Divergence on the daily chart.
				With the upcoming Fed policy, booking profits at higher levels would be wise to account for potential volatility. For levels, 25,200 serves as immediate support, while Thursday's rally point of 25,000 - 24,970 is seen as strong support.
				On the higher side, 25500 – 25600 could act as resistance, as it aligns with the Bearish Wolfe Wave; reversal zone, followed by 25800 being the next retracement resistance. Traders should monitor these levels closely and set up their trades accordingly.
				This week also saw sector rotation, with defensive sectors performing well initially, but struggling later, while previously underperforming sectors like PSU Banks and Realty picked up. Traders should focus on identifying the right themes for outperformance opportunities.
NSE Scrip – CEAT
View -   Bullish
Last Close – Rs 3,000
				For over 8 months, stock prices have faced resistance around the 2,900 level. However, prices have now broken this range, confirming a strong 'Inverse Head and Shoulders' breakout. This breakout is accompanied by strong volumes and a bullish candlestick pattern.
				Additionally, prices have closed above the upper band of the Bollinger Bands, signaling a robust uptrend following the recent
				congestion phase. Despite trading within a range, prices have consistently maintained their 20 EMA
				on every dip, indicating a strong positive undertone.
				Hence, we recommend to BUY CEAT around Rs 3,000 - Rs 2,980 | Stop Loss: Rs 2,880 | Target 3,240
NSE Scrip – DLF
View -   Bullish
Last Close – Rs 863
				The realty sector has been in a consolidation phase for the past few months, and this stock has also experienced both price and time-wise consolidation. Technically, there are signs indicating that the stock has resumed its uptrend. On the daily chart, after forming a base at the 200 SMA, prices have shown strong positive traction and a range breakout.
				Additionally, prices closed above the 20, 50, and 89 EMAs in a single day, highlighting the significance of the move, which is supported by increased volumes. Furthermore, the RSI Smoothened indicator, giving a fresh buy signal and crossing above 50, reinforcing the bullish outlook.
				Hence, we recommend to BUY DLF around Rs 863 - Rs 857 | Stop Loss: Rs 834 | Target: Rs 920
(Rajesh Bhosale is an equity technical analyst at Angel One Ltd. Views expressed are his own.)

# **Companies**

#### **1. [Torrent Power commits Rs 64,000 crore investment for green projects](https://www.business-standard.com/companies/news/torrent-power-commits-rs-64-000-crore-investment-for-green-projects-124091600181_1.html)**

Torrent Power on Monday pledged Rs 64,000 crore investment for green or renewable energy projects having employment potential for 26,000 people.
		Torrent Power Ltd, the integrated power utility of diversified Torrent Group, has reaffirmed its commitment towards green and sustainable future as it submitted two 'Shapath Patras' to the Union Ministry of New and Renewable Energy at the 4th Edition of RE-Invest at Gandhinagar on Monday, a company statement said. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		RE-INVEST is being organised by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy in partnership with CII.
		According to the statement, the company has submitted a Shapath Patra' to achieve 10 Gigawatt (GW) of installed Renewable Energy (RE) capacity by 2030, with an investment of Rs 57,000 crore.
		This investment is expected to generate direct and indirect employment for around 25,000 people.
		As part of these commitments, Torrent Power on Monday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Gujarat government for execution of a 5 GW solar, wind or solar-wind hybrid project at Dwarka, in Gujarat.
		For next generation energy reforms, Green Hydrogen is an important element, which is slated to play a critical role in achieving net-zero emissions and decarbonizing hard-to-abate sectors.
		Torrent Power is actively pursuing opportunities to develop Green Hydrogen and Green Ammonia Production projects to cater to the export and domestic markets.
		The second 'Shapath Patra' was submitted for setting up 1,00,000 Kilo Tonnes Per Annum (KTPA) Green Ammonia production facility with an investment of Rs 7,200 crore and employment generation for around 1,000 people.
		"As one of India's largest private sector power utilities, Torrent Power stands committed to contributing to the nation's RE journey," Samir Mehta, Chairman of Torrent Group said.
		This commitment not only underscores our dedication to advancing green energy solutions but also highlights the fact that our business operations are aligned with national priorities, he said.
		Increased penetration of Solar and Wind in electricity generation will create a need for energy storage solutions for providing firm, reliable and dispatchable Renewable Energy (RE) power.
		Torrent Power has identified Pumped Storage Project (PSP) sites in multiple states. The company has already announced that it intends to install about 5 to 8 GW of PSP capacity entailing investment of Rs 25,000 crore to Rs 35,000 crore.
		Torrent Power has a track record of successfully commissioning and operating large infrastructure projects.
		With a strong balance sheet, the company is well poised to contribute meaningfully to the nation's target of 500 GW renewable capacity by 2030.
		Torrent Group, is one of the largest companies in the country's power sector with presence across the entire power value chain -- generation, transmission and distribution.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **2. [US lenders counter Byju's claim, says edtech has to repay full $1.2 bn](https://www.business-standard.com/companies/start-ups/us-lenders-counter-byju-s-claim-says-edtech-has-to-repay-full-1-2-bn-124091500534_1.html)**

US lenders represented by Glas Trust have countered BYJU's founder Byju Raveendran's claim on verified debt on the company being merely around Rs 20 crore, and have said that the beleaguered edtech firm will have to pay the entire $1.2 billion Term Loan B along with interest.
		The founder of Think and Learn (TLPL) and owner of BYJU'S brand, Byju Raveendran, had about a week ago said that verified debt on the company is only Rs 20 crore as per insolvency proceedings and he may not have to pay any money to the US lenders represented by Glas Trust. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		"Neither Byju nor the IRP have the authority to disqualify any term loan lender 'and even if they did, BYJU's would still be obligated to repay the full amount of the loan plus interest. Any argument otherwise is illegitimate, and Byju knows it," a steering committee of the ad hoc group of term loan lenders to Byju's Alpha, Inc said in a statement.
		Glas Trust has sued BYJU'S for the recovery of $1.2 bn TLB in US as well as in India.
		The financial trouble of once the most-valued Indian edtech firm BYJU'S started after US-based lenders started legal action against the company to recover $1.2 billion TLB.
		The lenders have alleged that BYJU'S group firm BYJU'S Alpha secured $1.2 billion Term Loan B , which is a loan given by institutional investors, and moved $500 million out of the US in breach of loan agreement norms.
		BYJU'S has countered the allegation levelled by the lenders.
		The lenders panel said almost all key personnel have abandoned BYJU's, including the chief executive officer, chief financial officer and General Counsel, and it has now seen a second auditor resign in less than two years due to BYJU'S inability to explain away the whereabouts of the $500 million, among other reasons.
		According to BYJU'S, lenders represented by Glas Trust wrongly accelerated the loan in March 2023 which was to be repaid in November 2026.
		The Insolvency Resolution Professional (IRP) has not admitted $1.35 billion debt claim made by Glas Trust during an ongoing insolvency proceedings against BYJU'S.
		The lenders' panel said BYJU'S does not have the power to disqualify any lenders and the power belongs exclusively to Timothy R Pohl, as the sole director and officer of BYJU's Alpha, Inc, as recognized by the Delaware court, and Pohl has never disqualified any lender.
		The lenders' panel said that Raveendran continues to make false statements to the public in a desperate effort to conceal that he very likely orchestrated the theft of more than $500 million and shift the blame for his failures in managing Think & Learn.
		Raveendran, however, maintains his stand on Glas Trust represented lenders that they are not eligible to recover dues.
		"Under the credit agreement, not just The Borrower but even the parent company TLPL has the right to disqualify Lenders. Tim Pohl is simply a nominee of the lenders. He does not have any powers to disqualify lenders, nor can his nomination take away the contractual right that TLPL has to disqualify lenders," Byju said.
		The lenders' panel also countered Raveendran's statement that Glas-represented lenders will have to prove that they are not a distress fund in New York court to proceed on their demand which is difficult for them.
		"Whether any lender is a distressed fund' is not on trial in New York. Additionally, the New York litigation is not a prerequisite to these proceedings," the panel said.
		"The price of the TLB instrument has no bearing upon the validity of Glas' claim or the amounts owed by BYJU's. BYJU's borrowed $1.2 billion (plus interest). It does not need to pay more if loan trading prices go up, and it does not need to pay less if the loan trading prices go down. This is a basic tenet of how the finance markets work," the panel said.

#### **3. [Piyush Goyal to launch Bharat Startup Knowledge Access Registry on Monday](https://www.business-standard.com/companies/start-ups/piyush-goyal-to-launch-bharat-startup-knowledge-access-registry-on-monday-124091500517_1.html)**

Commerce and Industry Minister Piyush Goyal will on Monday launch the Bharat Startup Knowledge Access Registry (BHASKAR) initiative which will serve as a central hub where startups, investors, service providers, and government bodies can come together to collaborate, exchange ideas, and accelerate growth.
		According to an official statement, it will also enhance collaboration among key stakeholders within the entrepreneurial ecosystem, including startups, investors, mentors, service providers, and government bodies. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		The primary goal of BHASKAR is to build the world's largest digital registry for stakeholders within the startup ecosystem.
		To achieve this, the platform will offer several key features such as networking and collaboration. providing centralized access to resources, creating personalized identification, enhancing discoverability, and supporting India's global brand.
		"BHASKAR will bridge the gap between startups, investors, mentors, and other stakeholders, allowing for seamless interaction across sectors," the statement said adding by consolidating resources, the platform will provide startups with immediate access to critical tools and knowledge, enabling faster decision-making and more efficient scaling.
		Through this initiative, every stakeholder will be assigned a unique BHASKAR ID, ensuring personalized interactions and tailored experiences across the platform.
		Through powerful search features, users can easily locate relevant resources, collaborators, and opportunities, ensuring faster decision-making and action.
		It will also serve as a vehicle for promoting India's global reputation as a hub for innovation, making cross-border collaborations more accessible to startups and investors alike.
		By facilitating easy access to knowledge and resources, BHASKAR will help unlock the full potential of India's startup ecosystem, driving the country's emergence as a global leader in entrepreneurship.
		The government would invite all stakeholders to become part of this transformative initiative as it is poised to redefine India's startup landscape and create a more connected, efficient, and collaborative environment for entrepreneurship.
		India, home to over 1,46,000 government-recognized startups, has rapidly become one of the world's most dynamic startup hubs and this initiative seeks to leverage this potential by providing an all-encompassing, one-stop digital platform that addresses the challenges faced by entrepreneurs and investors alike.
		By serving as a centralized registry, BHASKAR will enable seamless access to a wide array of resources, tools, and knowledge that will help fuel the entrepreneurial journey from ideation to execution.

# **Technology**

#### **1. [Inside Elon Musk's mushrooming security apparatus in Tesla factories](https://www.business-standard.com/technology/tech-news/inside-elon-musk-s-mushrooming-security-apparatus-in-tesla-factories-124091500728_1.html)**

The day before Elon Musk spoke at a celebration for Tesla’s futuristic Cybertruck pickup in November, a Florida man, Paul Overeem, was arrested near the company’s Austin, Texas, factory and accused by the authorities of planning a “mass casualty event” there.
	The incident later made headlines. What went less noticed is what happened at Tesla’s event, which went ahead at the Austin factory.
	  Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
	Security had been alerted to Overeem’s threats and was fully activated, according to two people with knowledge of the arrangements and documents viewed by The New York Times. The list of invitees was carefully curated, with each person screened well ahead of time. More than three dozen Tesla security officials were then stationed throughout the room when Musk, who runs the carmaker, took the stage. He also had bodyguards from his private security firm, Foundation Security, on hand.
	Musk, 53, has long cultivated a devil-may-care persona, travelling the world, hanging out with moguls, world leaders and celebrities, and smoking weed in public. But in private, he has increasingly barricaded himself behind a growing phalanx of armed bodyguards as he has become more wealthy, more famous and more outspoken — and as the threats against him have evolved.
	The world’s richest man, with a net worth of more than $240 billion now regularly deals with stalkers and death threats, according to police documents and internal Tesla records. While many high-profile people face threats, Musk has transformed his own protection in recent years to deal with the change, expanding an already robust personal security beyond that of other billionaires. Musk and his companies Tesla and SpaceX have paid millions of dollars a year for his security.
	His security team now operates like a mini-Secret Service, and he is guarded more like a head of state than a business executive, security experts said. Musk, who was once flanked by two bodyguards, travels with as many as 20 security professionals who show up to research escape routes or to clear a room before he enters. They often carry guns and have a medical professional in tow for Musk, who has been code-named ‘Voyager’ by his security team.
	The way Musk lives now is different from others who are ultrawealthy. Warren E. Buffett, who is worth more than $145 billion, employed just one personal bodyguard for many years. (It is unclear how many bodyguards he has now; his spokeswoman said Berkshire Hathaway, Buffett’s company, used several security firms.)
	Musk’s predecessor at X, Jack Dorsey, often walked miles across San Francisco with no bodyguard. This year, Tesla disclosed in filings for the first time that it paid $2.4 million for a portion of Musk’s protection in 2023. It paid $500,000 in the first two months of 2024, more than five times the average spent every two months in 2019, according to Tesla documents. From 2015 to 2018, Musk spent an average $145,000 a month on security, according to invoices and receipts viewed by The Times.
	In contrast, Apple spent $820,000 last year to protect its chief executive, Tim Cook, while Amazon shells out $1.6 million a year to guard its founder, Jeff Bezos. One of the few companies to spend more is Meta, which allocated $23.4 million last year to the security of its chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, filings show.
(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **2. [India key priority market; reels, biz messaging supercharging growth: Meta](https://www.business-standard.com/technology/tech-news/india-key-priority-market-reels-biz-messaging-supercharging-growth-meta-124091500308_1.html)**

Social media giant Meta counts India among its key priority markets globally, as the rising popularity of its offerings - from Reels to business messaging - and increased engagement on AI tools is supercharging growth, according to Meta India Vice President Sandhya Devanathan.
		In an interview with PTI, Devanathan said India is the leading market for short-form video Reels' watch-time on Instagram. The Facebook and Instagram parent Meta is upbeat about the pace and extent to which Reels has caught on with creators and brands alike. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		"Reels is big for Meta globally, but Reels is certainly huge for Meta in India," Devanathan said.
		Having recognised the power of Reels in influencing buying decisions, brands are including it early in their campaign blueprint and customer outreach plans, Devanathan said.
		According to her, Reels is now in the consideration set for brands as they conceptualise their campaigns, marking a big shift in the way campaigns are being designed.
		"Not only are we seeing the medium exploding in terms of consumption on our platform, but we are seeing brands and creators make use of that to get outcomes they want with their businesses and audiences," she said.
		India is also the largest adopter of Meta AI, she said and added the company is "buoyed" by its uptake here, with users turning to the AI-powered chatbot for information on parenting tips to Onam Sadya (traditional vegetarian feast served during Onam festival).
		Describing India as one of the key priority markets for Meta globally, Devanathan said the company is very excited about the prospects here and continues to double down and invest in the country.
		"So, in terms of user growth, we are very excited by the opportunities and also in the value that we are driving for businesses," the top executive said.
		Meta's optimistic outlook for the Indian market is supported by multiple factors, mainly the strong growth forecast for the economy.
		The Indian economy is well-poised for growth and aspires to be a 7 trillion dollar economy in coming years, promising new avenues of opportunities, she added.
		The optimism about India is evident in industry conversations and backed by factors like the demographic dividend with Gen Z and youth population, the momentum in the private sector, growth and innovation, the startup ecosystem, as also the strength of India's capital markets, she pointed out.
		"All of this points to the larger trend of India rising to the economic superpower status that it has deserved for so long," Devanathan said.
		Another factor aiding prospects is the current levels of ad penetration that have a clear headroom for growth. The overall advertisement spending in India is lower than its potential, and over time, the ad penetration is expected to increase, she said.
		"...the ad penetration is only 0.5 or so per cent, which is lower compared to more mature markets like the US... there is big headroom for the overall industry to grow in this space.
		"So, both in terms of growth potential we see in India, and the opportunity that exists as the ad market matures, and digital will grow as a piece of that pie... we definitely see ourselves as very well-positioned to help businesses succeed and hopefully share in their success as well," she said.
		India is one of the largest markets for WhatsApp globally, with "great revenue momentum" and heightened interest around 'build for India'.
		With more businesses embracing messaging to engage with their customers, Meta, last week, announced a slew of new features and programmes, including the full availability of a verified badge - a trust marker - for small businesses to establish credibility and credentials with consumers.
		At the WhatsApp Business Summit in Mumbai, Meta also spotlighted Artificial Intelligence tools for enhancing the messaging experience.
		To start with, Meta will make it easy to activate AI directly from the WhatsApp Business app to enable businesses to engage more efficiently with their customers - it has recently started testing this in India, and says early results are exciting.
		The US social media giant also announced customised messages on the WhatsApp Business app, as it pledged commitment to supporting the growth of small businesses in India.
		Meanwhile, Reels continues to supercharge Meta's growth in India, Devanathan said.
		"If you look at some global statistics, about 50 per cent of all global watch hours are now Reels-driven watch hours. So, it is significant for us on the platform, that is on Instagram - and India is a leading country for Reels watch-time on Instagram," she said.
		The 'MadeonReels' programme - launched last year to help brands understand the power of creators and the format - yielded strong results.
		"What we are now seeing is brand organically build for Reels. So, instead of building at the bottom of the funnel, once the whole campaign is done...say when Diwali is upon us...sort of putting something together... Reels are now becoming part of early planning by brands, and it is already in the consideration set when they think about their campaigns. That is a big change we have noticed," she said.
		India is also the largest adopter of Meta AI, she said, and pointed out that "Indians love Meta AI, which is great".
		While it is still early days for Meta AI, the company is "buoyed" by the takeoff it has seen and conversations that are unfolding on it.
		Meta Platforms topped street expectations for second-quarter revenue and gave a strong sales outlook for the third quarter amid healthy global advertising demand.
		Globally, Meta's revenue rose 22 per cent to USD 39.1 billion for the April to June quarter.
		"Last year, we talked about how our hope is that Meta India continues to also be a big contributor to Meta Global's growth and I am happy to say, we continue to do well in the country. While we do not break down the numbers for India, what it means is that businesses large and small are finding value on our platform, be it Facebook, Instagram or WhatsApp," she said.
		Meta wants to keep up the momentum in India, and be "the best rupee that an advertiser can spend" on the platform, she added.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

# **IPOs**

#### **1. [Swiggy eyes IPO filing this week; may seek to raise over $1 billion](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/ipo/swiggy-eyes-ipo-filing-this-week-may-seek-to-raise-over-1-billion-124091500547_1.html)**

By Julia Fioretti, Baiju Kalesh and Manuel Baigorri
		Indian food-delivery platform Swiggy Ltd. is considering filing publicly for its domestic initial public offering as soon as this week, people familiar with the matter said, adding to a strong pipeline of share sales in the country.
		  Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		Swiggy’s IPO may seek to raise more than $1 billion, the people said, asking not to be identified as the information isn’t public. The Bengaluru-based company is waiting to get approval from India’s Securities and Exchange Board of India, known as Sebi, to proceed with the IPO filing, the people said.
		Details of the offering such as size and timing are still under discussion and subject to change, they said.
		A representative for Swiggy didn’t immediately respond to a request seeking comment.
		Founded in 2014, Swiggy partners with more than 150,000 restaurants across India to help deliver food in the world’s most populous nation, according to its website. It competes with companies including public-listed Zomato Ltd., e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc.’s India unit and conglomerate Tata Group’s BigBasket. 
		Swiggy, backed by SoftBank Group Corp., would follow in the footsteps of other local and international companies seeking to tap the country’s economic growth and demand from global investors. About $7.8 billion has been raised through first-time share sales so far this year, already exceeding proceeds in each of the past two years, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
		More listings are expected in coming months. Hyundai Motor Co. is planning to sell shares in its local Indian unit this year in what could be one of the biggest-ever listings in India, people familiar with the matter have said. LG Electronics Inc. has picked banks for a potential listing of its Indian business that could raise as much as $1.5 billion, Bloomberg News reported.

#### **2. [Northern Arc Capital gets Rs 229 cr from anchor investors ahead of IPO](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/ipo/northern-arc-capital-gets-rs-229-cr-from-anchor-investors-ahead-of-ipo-124091301480_1.html)**

Non-bank financial institution Northern Arc Capital on Friday said it has collected Rs 229 crore from anchor investors, days before the opening of its share-sale for public subscription.
	SBI General Insurance Company, SBI Life Insurance Company, Reliance General Insurance Company, Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Company, Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte, Societe Generale, and Quant Mutual Fund are among the anchor investors.
	  Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
	According to a circular uploaded on BSE's website, the company has allotted 8.702 mn equity shares to 15 funds at Rs 263 apiece, which is also the upper end of the price band. This aggregates the transaction size to Rs 229 crore.
	The Rs 777-crore IPO of the Chennai-based company will open for public subscription on September 16 and conclude on September 19. The price has been fixed in the range of Rs 249 to Rs 263 per share.
	The IPO is a combination of a fresh issue of equity shares valued at Rs 500 crore and an Offer For Sale (OFS) of up to 10,532,320 equity shares worth Rs 277 crore, at the upper end of the price band, by investor shareholders. This aggregates the issue size to Rs 777 crore.
	Those offering shares through the OFS are Leapfrog Financial Inclusion India (II) Ltd, Accion Africa-Asia Investment Company, Eight Roads Investments Mauritius II Ltd, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, 360 ONE Special Opportunities Fund (formerly known as IIFL Special Opportunities Fund), and Dvara Trust.
	Proceeds from the fresh issue would be used to meet future capital requirements of the company towards onward lending.
	"The price band for the offer is at Rs 249 to Rs 263 per equity share," Northern Arc Capital said in a statement.
	Investors have the option to bid for a lot size of 57 equity shares and in multiples thereafter.
	Registered with the RBI as a systemically important, the company is a non-deposit taking non-banking finance company (NBFC) and has been operating in the financial inclusion space for over a decade.
	Northern Arc is a leading player amongst the country's diversified NBFCs, with a business model diversified across offerings, sectors, products, geographies and borrower segments. It provides access to credit to under-served households and businesses directly and indirectly through Originator Partners.
	Northern Arc Capital filed draft papers with Sebi in July 2021 to float its maiden public issue. It got the regulator's nod to float the public issue in September same year. However, it didn't go ahead with the launch.
	ICICI Securities, Axis Capital and Citigroup Global Markets India are the book-running lead managers to the issue.
(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **3. [Arkade Developers raises Rs 122 cr from anchor investors ahead of IPO](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/ipo/arkade-developers-raises-rs-122-cr-from-anchor-investors-ahead-of-ipo-124091301284_1.html)**

Realty firm Arkade Developers Ltd has raised Rs 122.40 crore from anchor investors ahead of its initial public offering.
		On Tuesday, the company had fixed a price band of Rs 121-128 per share for its Rs 410-crore initial public offering. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		The initial share sale will open for public subscription on September 16 and conclude on September 19.
		According to a regulatory filing, the company has issued 95,62,500 shares to anchor investors at Rs 128 per share, aggregating to Rs 122.40 crore.
		These investors include BNP Paribas Financial Markets -- ODI, Societe Generale-ODI and Saint Capital Fund.
		The IPO is entirely a fresh issue of equity shares worth Rs 410 crore with no offer-for-sale (OFS) component.
		Proceeds from the issue will be used for development of the company's ongoing as well as upcoming projects, funding acquisition of future real estate projects and general corporate purposes.
		Arkade Developers is a fast-growing real estate development company with a significant presence in Mumbai. As of July 31, 2023, it has developed 1.80 million square feet of residential property, including through partnership entities in which Arkade holds the majority stake.
		Between 2017 and Q1 2023, the company launched 1,040 residential units and sold 792 residential units in different markets in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) in Maharashtra.
		Arkade Developers' revenue in fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 stood at Rs 224.01 crore, Rs 237.18 crore and Rs 113.18 crore, respectively.
		The company said that half of the issue size has been reserved for qualified institutional buyers, 35 per cent for retail investors and the remaining 15 per cent for non-institutional investors. Further, investors can bid for a minimum of 110 shares and in multiples thereof.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **4. [Investors subscribe Western Carriers' IPO 79% times offer size on first day](https://www.business-standard.com/markets/ipo/investors-subscribe-western-carriers-ipo-79-times-offer-size-on-first-day-124091301228_1.html)**

The initial public offer of logistics company Western Carriers (India) Ltd got subscribed 79 per cent on the first day of subscription on Friday.
	The Rs 493-crore initial share sale received bids for 1,64,59,269 shares against 2,08,68,467 shares on offer, as per NSE data. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
	The Retail Individual Investors (RIIs) part received 1.41 times subscription while the quota for non-institutional investors got subscribed 38 per cent.
	Western Carriers (India) on Thursday said it has mobilised Rs 148 crore from anchor investors.
	The Kolkata-based company's initial public offering (IPO) is available for subscription in the price range of Rs 163 to Rs 172 per share.
	The IPO has a fresh issue of equity shares, aggregating up to Rs 400 crore and an offer for sale (OFS) of up to 54 lakh equity shares worth Rs 93 crore, at the upper end of the price band by promoter Rajendra Sethia.
	Proceeds from the fresh issue to the tune of Rs 163.5 crore will be used for debt payment, Rs 152 crore for funding capital expenditure requirements towards the purchase of commercial vehicles, shipping containers, and reach stackers, and the remaining funds towards general corporate purposes.
	Western Carriers is India's leading private, multi-modal, rail-focused, asset-light logistics company, with a customer base of 1,647 across varied sectors like metals and mining, FMCG, pharmaceutical, building materials, chemicals, oil and gas, and utilities as of March 2024.
	Some of its key customers are Tata Steel, Hindalco Industries, Vedanta, BALCO, HUL, Coca-Cola India, Tata Consumer Products, Wagh Bakri, Cipla, Haldia Petrochemicals and Gujarat Heavy Chemicals, among others.
	JM Financial and Kotak Mahindra Capital Company are the book-running lead managers to the offer.
	The equity shares are proposed to be listed on the BSE and NSE.

# **World News**

#### **1. [China stores massive volumes of crude oil in August on soft prices](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/china-stores-massive-volumes-of-crude-oil-in-august-on-soft-prices-124091600194_1.html)**

China boosted crude oil inventories in August by the biggest amount in 14 months, confirming that the rebound in imports was driven by stockpiling and not by any recovery in fuel consumption.
	A total of 1.85 million barrels per day (bpd) were added to either commercial or strategic storages, according to calculations based on official data.
	  Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
	This was the biggest flow to inventories since June 2023, when 2.1 million bpd were added to stockpiles, and was also a sharp increase from the 280,000 bpd added in July.
	China doesn't disclose the volumes of crude flowing into or out of strategic and commercial stockpiles, but an estimate can be made by deducting the amount of crude processed from the total of crude available from imports and domestic output.
	China's refineries processed 59.07 million metric tons of crude in July, equivalent to about 13.91 million bpd, according to data released on Sept. 14 by the National Bureau of Statistics.
	This was up a tiny amount from July's 13.908 million bpd, which was the weakest month for refinery throughput since October 2022. August's processing was also down from the 15.23 million bpd for the same month last year.
	The world's biggest crude importer saw arrivals of 11.56 million bpd in August, while domestic output was 4.20 million bpd, given a total of 15.76 million bpd available to refineries.
	Subtracting the volume processed of 13.91 million bpd leaves a surplus of 1.85 million bpd.
	For the first eight months of the year, China added 1.11 million bpd to inventories, about 300,000 bpd more that for the same period last year and an acceleration from the 800,000 bpd stored for the first seven months of the year.
	With refinery processing remaining soft, the question is why did China's refiners buy excess volumes of crude oil for August delivery?
	The answer is most likely the declining price trend that prevailed when August-arriving cargoes were arranged.
PRICE IMPACT
	Cargoes that arrived in August were most likely arranged in May and June, a time when global crude prices were trending lower.
	Global benchmark Brent futures reached their highest level so far this year of $92.18 a barrel on April 12, before starting a downtrend to a low of $75.05 on Aug. 5.
	This means that China's refiners would likely have been encouraged to buy more crude during this window, meaning August and September imports may be fairly strong relatively to the earlier months this year.
	However, Brent crude staged a small rally after the Aug. 5 low, reaching a high of $82.40 a barrel on Aug. 12, and then staying in a fairly narrow range either side of $80 until the end of the month.
	Since then, global demand concerns, especially in China, have seen Brent fall sharply, hitting a 32-month low of $68.68 a barrel during trade on Sept. 10.
	The contract has since recovered slightly to end at $71.61 a barrel on Sept. 13.
	The past buying pattern of China's refiners suggest that they have become price-sensitive in recent years, buying excess crude when they deem oil to be cheap, but turning to inventories when they believe prices have risen too high, or too quickly.
	In some ways this has the effect of stabilising the market, as weak prices draw more cargoes to China, while any strong rally results in lower volumes, which tends to cap price gains.
	If China is acting as some sort of market smoother, it's likely mixed news for exporter groups such as OPEC+.
	It means that when prices decline, China will buy more, but conversely it becomes harder to get a sustained rally, even when demand is driving the price higher.
	China has shown it's capable of swinging its imports by around 2 million bpd, depending on circumstances.
	While some 2% of the global crude market doesn't sound massive, it's about 5% of the total seaborne volumes and therefore likely enough to exert influence of the direction of prices.
	The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.

#### **2. [Here's what we know about reported suspect behind Trump assassination bid](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/here-s-what-we-know-about-reported-suspect-behind-trump-assassination-bid-124091600189_1.html)**

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was safe on Sunday after the Secret Service foiled what the FBI called an apparent assassination attempt while he was golfing on his course in West Palm Beach, Florida.
			Several Secret Service agents fired on a gunman in bushes near the property line of the golf course after he was spotted a few hundred yards from where Trump was playing, law enforcement officials said.
			  Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
			The suspect left an AK-47-style assault rifle and other items at the scene and fled in a vehicle and was later arrested.
			The apparent attempt on Trump's life came just two months after he was shot at a campaign rally in Pennsylvania, sustaining a minor injury to his right ear.
			Both incidents highlight the challenges of keeping presidential candidates safe in a hotly contested and polarized campaign with just over seven weeks to go before the Nov. 5 election.
			"I would like to thank everyone for your concern and well wishes - It was certainly an interesting day!," Trump said on social media late on Sunday, thanking Secret Service and police for keeping him safe.
			CNN, Fox News and The New York Times identified the suspect as Ryan Wesley Routh, 58, of Hawaii, citing unidentified law enforcement officials. The FBI declined to comment and Reuters could not independently verify his identity.
			It was not clear if or how the suspect knew Trump was playing golf at the time, or what his motive was, but the attempted attack was sure to raise new questions about the level of protection he is given.
			In response to a reporters question, officials acknowledged that because Trump is not in office, the full golf course was not cordoned off.
			"If he was, we would have had the entire golf course surrounded," Palm Beach County Sheriff Ric Bradshaw said during Sunday's briefing. "Because he's not, security is limited to the areas that the Secret Service deems possible." Soon after the incident, Trump sent an email to his supporters, saying: "Nothing will slow me down. I will NEVER SURRENDER!"
			President Joe Biden later said he had directed his team to ensure the Secret Service has the resources it needs to ensure Trump's safety, according to a statement released by the White House.
			Reuters found profiles on X, Facebook, and LinkedIn for a Ryan Routh.
			Reuters was not able to confirm these were the suspect's accounts and law enforcement agencies declined to comment, but public access to the Facebook and X profiles was removed hours after the shooting.
			The three accounts bearing Routh's name suggest he was an avid supporter of Ukraine in its war against Russia. In several of the posts, he appeared to be trying to help recruit soldiers for Ukraine's war effort.
			The suspected gunman's son, Adam, reached by Reuters at the hardware store where he works in Hawaii, said he had not yet heard of the newest Trump assassination attempt and had "no information," adding it was not something he believed his father would do.
			Later, the reporter called back to the store and a colleague said Adam had gone home because of an emergency.
Gun barrel in bushes
			Late on Sunday, Secret Service and Homeland Security agents searched the suspect's former home in Greensboro, North Carolina. A Reuters witness spoke with a neighbor, who confirmed the identity of the former owner as Ryan Routh.
			Bradshaw said a Secret Service agent protecting Trump saw a rifle barrel poking out from bushes about 400 to 500 yards (365 to 460 meters) away from the former president as they cleared holes of potential threats ahead of his play.
			Agents engaged the gunman, firing at least four rounds of ammunition around 1:30 p.m. (1730 GMT) on Sunday.
			The gunman then dropped his rifle, and left behind two backpacks and other items, and fled in a black Nissan car. The sheriff said a witness saw the gunman and managed to take photos of his car and license plate before he escaped.
			Sheriffs deputies in neighboring Martin County apprehended the suspect on I-95 about 40 miles (65km) from the golf course.
			Fox News presenter Sean Hannity said he'd spoken to both Trump and Steve Witkoff, a New York real estate investor and longtime Trump friend who was on the golf course with him.
			"They were on the fifth hole. And the way Steve described this, the way the president described it, they both had exactly the same story, which is that they heard pop pop, pop pop," said Hannity. The Secret Service "pounced on the president, covered him", he added.
			The White House said in a statement Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris had been briefed about the incident and were relieved to know he was safe.
			Trump is locked in a tight presidential election race with Harris, who has had a surge in the polls since replacing Biden as the Democratic Party's candidate in July.
			"Violence has no place in America," Harris said in an X social media post.
Democracy worries
			On X in 2020, Routh expressed support for Democratic US
			presidential candidate Bernie Sanders and mocked Biden as "sleepy Joe."
			Earlier this year, Routh tagged Biden in a post on X: "@POTUS Your campaign should be called something like KADAF.
			Keep America democratic and free. Trumps should be MASA ...make Americans slaves again master. DEMOCRACY is on the ballot and we cannot lose."
			Harris has repeatedly warned that another Trump term would threaten US democracy and has vowed unwavering support for Ukraine in its struggle against Russia. Trump, asked during a debate last week whether he wanted Ukraine to win the war, said that he wanted it to end.
			Trump was grazed in the right ear and one rallygoer was killed in the gunfire at the Pennsylvania rally on July 13. The gunman, identified as a 20-year-old Thomas Crooks, was shot and killed by a Secret Service sniper.
			That was the first shooting of a US president or major party presidential candidate in more than four decades, and the glaring security lapse forced Kimberly Cheatle to resign as Secret Service director under bipartisan congressional pressure.
(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **3. [Florida hospitals question immigrants' legal status, Texas plans to follow](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/florida-hospitals-question-immigrants-legal-status-texas-plans-to-follow-124091600135_1.html)**

For three days, the staff of an Orlando medical clinic encouraged a woman with abdominal pain who called the triage line to go to the hospital. She resisted, scared of a 2023 Florida law that required hospitals to ask whether a patient was in the US with legal permission.
		The clinic had worked hard to explain the limits of the law, which was part of Gov. Ron DeSantis' sweeping package of tighter immigration policies. The clinic posted signs and counseled patients: They could decline to answer the question and still receive care. Individual, identifying information wouldn't be reported to the state. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		We tried to explain this again and again and again, but the fear was real, Grace Medical Home CEO Stephanie Garris said, adding the woman finally did go to an emergency room for treatment.
		Texas will be the next to try a similar law for hospitals enrolled in state health plans, Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program. It takes effect Nov. 1 just before the end of a presidential election in which immigration is a key topic.
		Texans should not have to shoulder the burden of financially supporting medical care for illegal immigrants, Texas Republican Gov. Greg Abbott said in a statement announcing his mandate, which differs from Florida's in that providers don't have to tell patients their status won't be shared with authorities.
		Both states have high numbers of immigrants, ranging from people who are in the US without legal permission to people who have pending asylum cases or are part of mixed-status families. And while the medically uninsured rate in these two states neither of which have expanded Medicaid are higher than the national average, research has shown immigrants tend to use less and spend less on health care.
		Texas and Florida have a long history of challenging the federal government's immigration policies by passing their own. And their Republican leaders say the hospital laws counter what they see as lax enforcement at the border by the Biden administration though Florida's early data is, by its own admission, limited.
		Florida GOP state Sen. Blaise Ingoglia, who sponsored the hospital bill, said in a written statement that the law is the strongest, and most comprehensive state-led, anti-ILLEGAL immigration law, but did not respond to The Associated Press' questions about the impact of the law on the immigrant community or on hospital patients.
		Luis Isea, an internal medicine doctor with patients in hospitals and clinics in central Florida, said the law is creating that extra barrier for patients who are already exposed to many disparities.
		Immigrant advocate groups in Florida said they sent thousands of text messages and emails and held clinics to help people understand the limitations of the law including that law enforcement agencies wouldn't know an individual's status because the data would be reported in aggregate.
		But many outreach calls from health workers went unanswered. Some patients said they were leaving Florida, as a result of the law's impact on getting health care and on employment; the DeSantis' administration tied the hospital mandate to other initiatives that invalidated some driver's licenses, criminalized transportation of migrants lacking permanent status and changed employment verification policies.
		Others, advocates say, languished in pain or needed to be persuaded. Vernica Robleto, program director at the Rural Women's Health Project in north central Florida, fielded a call before the law took effect in July 2023 from a young woman who didn't have legal permission to be in the US and was afraid she would be separated from her child if she gave birth at the hospital.
		She was very afraid (but) she did end up going after speaking with me, Robleto said.
		Whatever data Florida and Texas do collect likely will be unreliable for several reasons, researchers suggested. Health economist Paul Keckley said the report released by Florida state officials could have incomplete or inaccurate or misleading data.
		For one, it's self-reported. Anyone can decline to answer, an option chosen by nearly 8 per cent of people admitted to the hospital and about 7 per cent of people who went to the emergency room from June to December 2023, the Florida state report said. Fewer than 1 per cent of people who went to the emergency room or were admitted to the hospital reported being in the US illegally.
		The Florida Agency for Health Care Administration acknowledged large limitations in their analysis, saying it didn't know how much of the care provided to illegal aliens went unpaid. It also said it was unable to link high levels of uncompensated care with the level of illegal aliens coming to a hospital, saying it's more associated with rural county status than illegal immigration percentages."
		The agency didn't immediately respond to requests for comment and more information. Its report noted that for much of the last decade, the amount of unpaid bills and uncollected debts held by Florida hospitals has declined.
		In Florida and in Texas, people who aren't in the US legally can't enroll in Medicaid, which provides health insurance for low-income people except in the case of a medical emergency.
		Multiple factors can affect the cost of care for people who are in the US without legal permission, experts said, especially the lack of preventive care. That's especially true for people who have progressive diseases like cancer, said Dr. James W. Castillo II, the health authority for Cameron County, Texas, which has about 22 per cent of the population uninsured compared to the state average of 16.6 per cent.
		At that point, he said, "it's usually much harder to treat, much more expensive to treat.
		Texas community groups, policymakers and immigration attorneys are partnering with Every Texan, a nonprofit focusing on public policy and health care access, to encourage people to not answer the status question, said Lynn Cowles with Every Texan.
		And in Florida, the deportation fears are subsiding but questions about the purpose of the law remain.
		How much of this is substantive policy and good policy versus how that fared, I leave that for others to speculate, said Garris with the Orlando clinic. But I know the practical effect of the law was egregious and demeaning to patients who are living here, working here. It's just insulting.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **4. [Another attempt on Trump's life raises questions on security lapses](https://www.business-standard.com/world-news/another-attempt-on-trump-s-life-raises-questions-on-security-lapses-124091600088_1.html)**

A second apparent assassination attempt on former President Donald Trump this time as he played golf in Florida has rocked a presidential campaign already marred by unprecedented violence and raised questions about how such a thing could have happened for the second time in as many months.
		US Secret Service agents opened fire Sunday afternoon on a man who was spotted pointing an AK-style rifle through a fence while hiding in the bushes as Trump golfed at his club in West Palm Beach. The FBI described it as an apparent attempted assassination on the GOP nominee. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		At a Pennsylvania rally in July, Trump was grazed in the ear by a bullet when a gunman was able to gain access to an unsecured roof, unleashing a hail of bullets that left one of Trump's supporters dead and two others badly injured.
		While the Secret Service has grappled with how to keep Trump safe as he campaigns across the country, holding rallies that often draw thousands, less attention has focused on his protection when he is off the trail, often at his own clubs and properties.
		The fact that there are places along the perimeter of the property where golfers including Trump are visible to those standing behind the fence has long been known to law enforcement. While Trump was president, news photographers were often able to capture images of him on the greens by finding gaps in the shrubbery.
		While Trump's plans to golf Sunday were not part of any public schedule, on days he is not campaigning, he can often be found golfing at one of his courses. Trump International Golf Club, West Palm Beach, about a 10-minute drive from his Mar-a-Lago residence, is a favorite. One of three golf clubs he owns in Florida, it boasts 27 holes of championship golf, as well as event spaces. Trump often eats lunch and holds meetings in the clubhouse between rounds.
ALSO READ: Donald Trump safe after new assassination attempt, suspect arrested
		Trump had just returned from a West Coast swing that included stops in Las Vegas and Utah, and had announced on social media that he would be delivering remarks Monday from Mar-a-Lago about cryptocurrency as he launches a new crypto platform.
		Palm Beach County Sheriff Ric Bradshaw noted at a briefing that because Trump is no longer in office, security protocols around the course had loosened.
		He's not the sitting president. If he was, we would have had this entire golf course surrounded. But because he's not, his security is limited to the areas that the Secret Service deems possible," he told reporters.
		Law enforcement officials praised the work of the agents assigned to protect Trump. One agent, tasked with jumping one hole ahead of the former president to scope out potential threats, managed to spot the gunman's rifle barrel sticking out of the fence that surrounds the golf club and immediately engaged that individual, Bradshaw said.
		In an email to campaign staff Sunday night, senior campaign advisers Chris LaCivita and Susie Wiles credited the Secret Service for saving Trump, who has praised the agents in his own protective detail for their bravery as they rushed on stage to protect him in Butler, Pennsylvania.
		"President Trump and everyone accompanying him are safe thanks to the great work of the United States Secret Service, they wrote.
		Unlike other past presidents and typical VIPs who live in private residences with tall fences or in gated communities, Trump has his official residence at his Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach. The club is open to dues-paying members, who mingle with the former president at meals and at events and can invite their own guests to the property.
		Many nights, Trump holds court on the club's patio, playing DJ with his iPad. While president, he once plotted a response to a North Korean missile launch from the candlelit terrace, the meeting captured and posted on social media by a club member.
		The club is also a popular Palm Beach venue and hosts a constant stream of fundraisers, weddings and other events that sometimes see Trump drop by unannounced.
		Secret Service spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said in a social media post that the agency is working closely with the FBI, Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office and other law enforcement to investigate what happened.
		The incident sparked immediate finger-pointing and calls for answers from Trump's allies on Capitol Hill.
		New York Rep. Elise Stefanik, the House Republican Conference chair and a close ally of the former president, said she was grateful Trump was safe. However, we must ask ourselves how an assassin was allowed to get this close to President Trump again?
ALSO READ: Trump's campaign to boost security after shooting at Pennsylvania rally
		The leaders of the bipartisan task force that has been investigating the security failures in Pennsylvania said they were monitoring the situation and had requested a briefing from the Secret Service.
		We are thankful that the former President was not harmed, but remain deeply concerned about political violence and condemn it in all of its forms, said Rep. Mike Kelly, R-Pa., and Rep. Jason Crow, D-Colo., in a joint statement.
		Meanwhile, Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, one of Trump's rivals in the GOP primary, said his state will conduct its own investigation.
		The people deserve the truth about the would be assassin and how he was able to get within 500 yards of the former president and current GOP nominee, he wrote in a social media post.
		President Joe Biden said in a statement that he was relieved that Trump was unharmed and said there is no place for political violence or for any violence ever in our country. He said he had directed his staff to continue to ensure that Secret Service has every resource, capability and protective measure necessary to ensure the former President's continued safety.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

# **Industry**

#### **1. [PM Modi participate in renewable energy investor's meet in Gujarat tomorrow](https://www.business-standard.com/industry/news/pm-modi-participate-in-renewable-energy-investor-s-meet-in-gujarat-tomorrow-124091500653_1.html)**

Prime Minister Narendra Modi received a warm welcome at Ahmedabad Airport on Sunday evening on his visit to his home state, where he is scheduled to participate in the Global Renewable Energy Investor's Meet and lay a series of development works, among others.
		Taking to his social media handle, Prime Minister Modi posted on X, "After memorable programs in Jharkhand, I landed in Ahmedabad a short while ago. I will be attending various programs in Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad on September 16." Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		"In the morning, will interact with beneficiaries of PM Surya Ghar Muft Bijli Yojana and thereafter take part in the 4th Global Renewable Energy Investor's Meet and Expo at Mahatma Mandir," posted the PM.
		"In the afternoon, will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone for a series of development works worth over Rs 8,000 crore. These projects cover energy, roads, housing, and more," read the post further.
		Prime Minister Narendra Modi was warmly welcomed at Ahmedabad Airport by Gujarat Governor Acharya Devvrat, Chief Minister Bhupendra Patel, and other dignitaries.
		Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Modi arrived in Jharkhand's Ranchi to hold a rally as part of his three day visit to Jharkhand-Gujarat-Odisha.
		However, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's roadshow in Jharkhand's Jamshedpur was cancelled due to heavy and continuous rainfall.
		"When I reached Ranchi this morning, a sister welcomed me by making me wear the traditional 'Java'. This is a symbol of the Karma festival celebrated in Jharkhand. I am deeply grateful for this and wish you all the best for this holy festival," post PM Modi on X.
		The Prime Minister began his three-day visit to Jharkhand, Gujarat, and Odisha on Sunday.
		Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed gratitude to the people of Jamshedpur for the warm welcome earlier in the day and said that he was grateful that the public came out in large numbers to bless him despite the rains.
		The Prime Minister shared photos of the public lined up in queues with umbrellas and clad in raincoats for his rally that was scheduled for Sunday.
		The Prime Minister later addressed the public through video conferencing and said that 'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' has transformed the nation, adding that the centre's priority is the development of tribals, the poor, youth, and women.
		The Prime Minister said that today marks a significant day in Jharkhand's developmental journey and that the centre's priority is the development of tribals, the poor, youth, and women.
		In a post on X, PM Modi said that Jharkhand has the potential to become the most prosperous state of India.
		Earlier today, PM Modi laid the foundation stone and inaugurated development works in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand.
		The Prime Minister is scheduled to visit Gujarat on September 16 and Odisha on September 17.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **2. [Infrastructure, agriculture key focus areas of 100 days of Modi 3.0](https://www.business-standard.com/india-news/infrastructure-agriculture-key-focus-areas-of-100-days-of-modi-3-0-124091500545_1.html)**

The BJP-led NDA government has approved infrastructure projects worth Rs 3 lakh crore, including linking 25,000 unconnected villages to road networks and building a mega port at Wadhawan in Maharashtra, during its first 100 days in office.
		Besides infrastructure, the focus of the government has also been on agriculture by increasing the minimum support price (MSP) for Kharif crops, removing of minimum export price (MEP) on onions and basmati rice and hiking the duty on the import of crude palm, soybean and sunflower oils. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		Prime Minister Narendra Modi assumed office for the third consecutive term on June 9 this year.
		The thrust of the Modi government has been on providing stability on the policy front with a flexible approach to adopt certain changes to remove teething problems without diluting the original concept.
		A case in point is the Goods and Services Tax which has undergone 140 changes to reduce friction.
		The government approved the Wadhavan Mega Port in Maharashtra for Rs 76,200 crore, which will be among the top 10 ports in the world.
		Under the Prime Minister's Rural Roads Scheme-4 (PMGSY-IV), approval was granted to the construction/upgradation of 62,500 km of roads and bridges to connect 25,000 unconnected villages, with central assistance of Rs 49,000 crore.
		Many of these unconnected villages have a population of less than 100.
		The government has also approved strengthening India's road network with an investment of Rs 50,600 crore, which includes a nod to eight National High-Speed Road Corridor Projects spanning 936 km.
		Modi also carried out the first blast to mark the beginning of the construction of the Shinkhun-La Tunnel, to connect Ladakh with Himachal Pradesh.
		The government has approved eight new railway line projects for faster and convenient travel by train generating 44.2 mn human-days of employment.
		The draft of the new National Cooperative Policy, prepared by a national-level committee, has been prepared and is being finalised.
		The government has also launched a new fund named Agrisure, aimed at revolutionising the agricultural sector and supporting startups and rural enterprises.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **3. [BJP MP Khandelwal asks Goyal to suspend festival sales of e-commerce giants](https://www.business-standard.com/industry/news/bjp-mp-khandelwal-asks-goyal-to-suspend-festival-sales-of-e-commerce-giants-124091500526_1.html)**

BJP MP Praveen Khandelwal on Sunday urged Commerce and Industry Minister Piyush Goyal to suspend the upcoming "festival sales" events of leading e-commerce players Amazon and Flipkart, saying these will further harm domestic traders.
		He also asked to immediately roll out the e-commerce rules and policy to promote and protect small retailers of the country. In a communication to the minister, the Lok Sabha member from Chandni Chowk and Secretary General Emeritus of Confederation of All India Traders ( CAIT), Khandelwal asked for prompt action after media reports claimed a Competition Commission of India report had found big brands colluding with online retailers in breach of anti-trust laws.
		Khandelwal has "urged suspension of upcoming 'festival sales' events of Amazon and Flipkart, as they will further harm domestic traders through the continued use of anti-competitive practices".
		Citing certain media reports about the Competition Commission of India's (CCI) report regarding leading e-commerce players, the MP said that an uneven playing field had been created for domestic players. "E-commerce giants promote preferential treatment and collusion. These platforms engage in preferential listings and exclusive partnerships with specific sellers and brands, leading to an unfair market environment," he said.
		He added that "instead of acting as neutral platforms, 'both Flipkart and Amazon' favored select sellers, and disadvantaged the vast majority of sellers".(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

# **Automobile**

#### **1. [PV sales dip 1.8%, two-wheeler sales grow 9.3% in August: Siam data](https://www.business-standard.com/industry/auto/pv-sales-dip-1-8-two-wheeler-sales-grow-9-3-in-august-siam-data-124091300984_1.html)**

The Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (Siam) released its auto sales data for August 2024, revealing that the passenger vehicle (PV) segment witnessed a decline for the second consecutive month. It fell 1.8 per cent year-on-year (Y-o-Y) to touch 352,921 units.
			This follows a 2.5 per cent decline in July 2024, marking a slowdown after the segment grew by 3 per cent in the first quarter (April-June) of FY24. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
			In contrast, the two-wheeler segment posted a 9.3 per cent growth in August 2024 compared to the same month last year, with sales reaching 1.71 million units.
			This comes after a 20.4 per cent growth in Q1 and a 12.5 per cent rise in July 2024, reflecting strong demand in the domestic market.
			The three-wheeler segment also showed positive momentum, recording a 7.7 per cent growth in August 2024 compared to its peak in August 2023, with sales hitting 69,962 units. In Q1, sales grew by 14.2 per cent followed by a 5.1 per cent growth in July.
			According to Siam, total production of passenger vehicles, three-wheelers, two-wheelers, and quadricycles in August 2024 stood at 2.49 million units.
			The industry anticipates a surge in vehicle demand as India enters its festival season. Also, the recent introduction of PM E-DRIVE and PM-eBus Sewa schemes by the Centre are set to drive sales.
			Commenting on the performance, Siam director general Rajesh Menon said, “In August 2024, the passenger vehicle segment de-grew by 1.8 per cent compared to August 2023.
			The two-wheeler segment posted a growth of 9.3 per cent, while three-wheeler sales grew 7.7 per cent Y-o-Y. Looking ahead, the festival season and government initiatives like PM E-DRIVE and PM-eBus Sewa are expected to boost demand.”

#### **2. [Passenger vehicle wholesales dip 2% in August as OEMs cut dispatches](https://www.business-standard.com/industry/auto/passenger-vehicle-wholesales-dip-2-in-august-as-oems-cut-dispatches-124091300750_1.html)**

Domestic passenger vehicle wholesales declined by about 2 per cent year-on-year in August as companies curtailed dispatches to reduce inventory at dealers amid a drop in demand.
		According to data issued by the industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), the total passenger vehicle dispatches in the domestic market stood at 3,52,921 units last month compared to 3,59,228 vehicles in August 2023, a dip of 1.8 per cent. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		Two-wheeler wholesales rose 9 per cent to 17,11,662 units last month against 15,66,594 units in the year-ago period, it added.
		Scooter dispatches last month climbed to 6,06,250 units from 5,49,290 units in August 2023, a growth of 10 per cent.
		Similarly, motorcycle dispatches from companies to dealers increased by 8 per cent to 10,60,866 units last month from 9,80,809 units in August 2023.
		The total three-wheeler sales grew 8 per cent to 69,962 units last month against 64,944 units a year ago.
		"Looking ahead, as the country enters the festive season, demand for vehicles is expected to grow, which will also be duly augmented by the recent announcements of PM E-DRIVE and PM-eBus Sewa Schemes of Government of India," SIAM Director General Rajesh Menon said.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **3. [Preparing to utilise Chennai manufacturing plant for exports: Ford](https://www.business-standard.com/companies/news/preparing-to-utilise-chennai-manufacturing-plant-for-exports-ford-124091300629_1.html)**

American automaker Ford on Friday said it is preparing to utilise its Chennai manufacturing plant to roll out vehicles for exports and has intimated the same to the Tamil Nadu government.
		The company which in 2021 had said that it would stop manufacturing vehicles in India, has submitted a Letter of Intent (LOI) to the Tamil Nadu government, confirming its intention to utilise the Chennai plant for manufacturing for exports. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		The announcement follows a meeting between Ford leadership and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin as part of his visit to the United States, Ford said in a statement.
		"This step aims to underscore our ongoing commitment to India as we intend to leverage the manufacturing expertise available in Tamil Nadu to serve new global markets," Ford International Markets Group President Kay Hart said.
		Ford said the strategic move will see the facility repurposed to focus on manufacturing for export to global markets, as part of the company's ambitious 'Ford+ growth plan'.
		It, however, said further information about the type of manufacturing and other details will be disclosed in due course.
		Ford said its latest announcement reaffirms the company's commitment to India as a critical market for its global operations.
ALSO READ: Tamil Nadu, Ford Motor in talks to restart production eyeing global market
		The company currently employs 12,000 individuals in Global Business Operations in Tamil Nadu, a number expected to grow by 2,500 to 3,000 jobs within the next three years, it added.
		"Combined with the engine manufacturing operations in Sanand, India represents Ford's second-largest salaried workforce worldwide," the company said.
		In September 2021, after nearly three decades of struggling to make a mark in India, Ford Motor Co had announced that it would stop vehicle production at its two plants in the country and will sell only imported vehicles going ahead, as part of a restructuring exercise.
		While the company sold its vehicle manufacturing plant at Sanand in Gujarat to Tata Motors, it could not wind down its vehicle and engine manufacturing in Chennai by the targeted timeline of second quarter of 2022.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

# **Sports**

#### **1. [England draw T20I series with Australia after Old Trafford washout](https://www.business-standard.com/cricket/news/england-draw-t20i-series-with-australia-after-old-trafford-washout-124091500645_1.html)**

England's T20I series decider against Australia was washed out Sunday without a ball being bowled at Old Trafford.
		The series finished tied 1-1. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		The forecast never looked likely to allow for any meaningful play to take place in the third T20I and the umpires finally called the abandonment at 4:20 p.m. local time, almost two hours after the scheduled start.
		Australia won the series opener by 28 runs at Southampton before England leveled the series with a three-wicket win at Cardiff.
		The first of five one-day internationals between the teams starts Thursday at Trent Bridge. Harry Brook, a 25-year-old batter, is set to captain England for the first time in the series after Jos Buttler's persistent calf injury saw him ruled out.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **2. [Saudi footballer Al-Muwallad hospitalised after fall from balcony in Dubai](https://www.business-standard.com/sports/football-news/saudi-footballer-al-muwallad-hospitalised-after-fall-from-balcony-in-dubai-124091500549_1.html)**

Saudi Arabia football player Fahad Al-Muwallad is in intensive care after falling from a second-floor balcony while vacationing in Dubai.
		Dubai Police General Command said late Saturday that Al-Muwallad was involved in an accident while on a short vacation in Dubai, when he fell from the balcony of his second-floor home. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		The winger, who just turned 30 and currently plays for Saudi Arabian club Al-Shabab, played at the 2018 World Cup with Saudi Arabia.
		Police said the initial investigations showed that the accident occurred while he was on the balcony with the investigation ongoing.
		Police said Al-Muwallad is in intensive care in one of Dubai's hospitals, where the efforts of the medical teams continue to provide him with the necessary care.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **3. [Indian F2 driver Kush Maini survives scary crash, penalised post race](https://www.business-standard.com/sports/other-sports-news/indian-f2-driver-kush-maini-survives-scary-crash-penalised-post-race-124091500505_1.html)**

Indian driver Kush Maini on Sunday survived a horrifying crash after he stalled at the start of the feature race in Formula 2, a support race to Formula 1.
		The scary incident occurred on the opening lap of the Formula 2 race which preceded the Formula 1 Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
		The 23-year-old Indian had nowhere to go at the race start as his car's engine stopped working suddenly. That left fellow drivers Josep Maria Marti and Oliver Goethe unsighted, leading to a massive collision.
		The rear of Maini's car was totally destroyed by the impact of the crash and fortunately, he came out of it unscathed.
		Maini's father Gautam confirmed to PTI that his son is doing fine.
		"He is doing okay. As part of the standard protocol all medical check ups were conducted on Kush and all reports are normal," he said.
		Maini, representing Invicta Racing in his second Formula 2 season, is 11th in the standings. The race was won by Richard Verschoor of Trident.
		Following the investigation of the incident, the stewards handed the Indian a 10-second time penalty for causing the collision.
		"After the race, the Stewards heard from the Team Representative and examined available video evidence before determining that the driver of Car 9 had failed to engage the Start Set Up Procedure for the start of the race, an error that led to the car stalling on the grid causing the subsequent collision.
		"The Stewards determined that because of this, Maini was wholly responsible for the collision and, as a result, elected to hand him a 10-second time penalty. With Maini not finishing the Feature Race, his time penalty has been converted into a five-place grid penalty," read a Formula 2 statement.
		Maini will serve the penalty in the next race.
		Safety has improved drastically in motorsport over the past two decades but the sport remains dangerous. Formula 2 driver Anthoine Hubert had succumbed to his injuries following an accident at the iconic Spa Francorchamps circuit in Belgium in 2019. The Frenchman was only 22.
		Jules Bianchi, who was only 25, had died following a collision with a recovery vehicle during the Formula 1 Japanese Grand Prix in 2014. The FIA had introduced Halo, a head protecting device, on all Formula 1 cars post the fatal accident.(Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

#### **4. [Premier League: Arsenal beat local rivals Tottenham Hotspur 1-0](https://www.business-standard.com/sports/football-news/premier-league-arsenal-beat-local-rivals-tottenham-hotspur-1-0-124091500585_1.html)**

Arsenal took all the three points home as they beat their north London rivals Tottenham 1-0 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on September 15.
	Defender Gabriel's powerful header in the 64th minute put the Gunners ahead in the game and made sure that they got the bragging rights in the North London derby. Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp
	It was a closely fought first half on the day which saw the referee take out his yellow cards 7 times due to many fouls and misconduct by both the teams.
	The half also saw a coming together of Arsenal's Jurien Timber and Spurs' Pedro Porro which eventually had players in a heated exchange on the pitch. 
	New signing Dominic Solanke failed to convert a brilliant chance in his first experience of the derby which proved costly going into the second half for Spurs.
	Ballon d'Or 2024 nominee Bukayo Saka's brilliant cross from the corner found an unmarked Gabriel who headed from close range to give Arsenal the lead.
	Despite many late efforts on the Arsenal goal in the five minutes of stoppage time, Spurs couldn't breach the defense courtesy of some resilient defending from Saliba and Gabriel in the end.
	The home defeat meant that Postecoglou's men sit in the bottom half of the table after 4 games. Meanwhile, Mikel Arteta's men jump to the 2nd spot just 2 points behind leaders Manchester City.

