# **News**

#### **1. [LIVE | Bodoland Lottery Result 16-09-2024 (SHORTLY): Assam State Sunday Lucky Draw To Be OUT SHORTLY At 3 PM- Check Full Winners List](https://zeenews.india.com/india/live-updates/bodoland-lottery-result-today-16-09-2024-assam-state-monday-lucky-draw-to-be-out-at-3-pm-check-full-winners-list-2793763.html)**

Bodoland Lottery Results Today 16 September 2024: The Bodoland State Lottery Result was accurately published by the Bodoland Lottery Department. This item may be used to get the Bodoland State Lottery Result 2024 by candidates who bought the 2024 Bodoland Lottery tickets. The government of Assam maintains control over the Bodoland lottery, which is part of the Assam Lottery. Every day at 3 PM,  the Bodoland lottery is played three times. Each day, a large number of people enter this lottery. This item is critical for those who will participate in the Bodoland Lottery or have signed up for it, as well as for those who wish to understand the results.
Assam and Bodoland have their lottery. In Bodoland Lotteries, individual Assam winning sums are divided. The Bodoland Lottery is a well-known lottery that draws a large crowd. The Bodoland Territorial Council, situated in Kokrajhar, can use the Bodoland lottery winners' prize money to laud them. They must submit their authentic ticket within 30 days after the announcement of the results.
(NOTE: Lottery can be addictive and should be played responsibly. The information provided on this page is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as advice or encouragement. Zee News does not promote lottery in any way.)
Stay Tuned To Zee News For All The Latest And Live Updates On Bodoland Lottery Lucky Draw 15.09.2024

#### **2. [Nagaland Dear Dwarka 1PM Lottery Result 16-09-2024 (SHORTLY) Live: Monday Lucky Draw Result To Be OUT SHORTLY At 1 PM- 1 Crore First Prize Complete Winner List](https://zeenews.india.com/india/live-updates/nagaland-lottery-sambad-result-today-16-09-2024-dear-dwarka-blitzen-finch-1-pm-6-pm-8-pm-monday-lucky-draw-result-out-shortly-1-crore-first-prize-complete-winners-list-2793761.html)**

Nagaland Sambad Lottery Today Result 16-09-2024 Monday Live: The latest Nagaland State Lottery 1 pm, 6 pm, and 8 pm is shared here on daily basis. Get the Latest Nagaland state lottery winning numbers and Stay connected for Draw Result Timely on Zee News English. In India, 13 states have a lottery that is legal. The Result of 1 PM of Nagaland State's "DEAR DWARKA MORNING", Nagaland "DEAR BLITZEN EVENING" Lottery Sambad Result 6 PM and Nagaland "DEAR FINCH NIGHT" Lottery Sambad result 8 PM will be out today. These Legal States are Nagaland, West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Mizoram, Kerala, Maharashtra, Goa, Manipur, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, and Assam. First Prize In All three lotteries of the day is Bumper 1 Crore Rupees.
Nagaland Lottery Sambad Monday 16.09.2024 Result Timings
Lottery Sambad draw comes 3 times every day. This year’s Lottery Sambad Timing is Changed, Nowadays Lottery Sambad Timing is 1 pm, 6 pm, and 8 pm. 
Nagaland Lottery 09-09-2024 Monday Prize Money Details
- 1st Prize: Rs 1 Crore
- 2nd Prize: Rs. 9,000
- 3rd Prize: Rs. 450
- 4th Prize: Rs. 250
- 5th Prize: Rs. 120
- Consolation Prize: Rs. 1,000
Nagaland Dear Lottery Monday Result September 16-09-2024
Nagaland DEAR DWARKA MORNING 1 PM Result: 
Nagaland DEAR BLITZEN EVENING 6 PM Result: 
Nagaland DEAR FINCH NIGHT 8 PM Result: 
(NOTE: Lottery can be addictive and should be played responsibly. The data provided on this page is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as advice or encouragement. Zee News does not promote lottery in anyway.)
Stay Tuned To Zee News For Live And Latest Updates On Nagaland Sambad Lottery Result 2024

#### **3. [Kerala Lottery Result Today 16-09-2024 (Shortly) Live: Win Win W 787 Monday Lucky Draw To Be Out At 3 PM- Check Full Winners List](https://zeenews.india.com/india/live-updates/kerala-state-lottery-result-today-16-09-2024-win-win-w-787-monday-lucky-draw-to-be-out-at-3-pm-check-full-winners-list-2793759.html)**

Kerala Lottery Results Monday 16-09-2024 Sep Live: The lottery department will announce the Kerala lottery "Win Win W 786" Result on behalf of the Keralan government. Today, September 16, 2024, at Gorky Bhavan Near Bakery Junction in Thiruvananthapuram, the Kerala Lottery Result 2024 for Kerala lottery "Win Win W 787" will be drawn. The department of Kerala State Lotteries publishes the lottery in 12 series, and the series can change. Every week, 108 lakh tickets were made available for purchase. The first-place winner receive bumper 75 Lakh Rupees. Those who are anticipating today's draw can view the Win Win W 787 outcome from September 17, 2024, right here. Stay updated on this website to avoid missing the Kerala Lottery Win Win W 787 Results live today.
Kerala Lottery Result 16-09-2024 Sep: FULL LIST OF WINNING NUMBERS FOR WIN WIN W-787 Lucky Draw
LUCKY NUMBER FOR 1ST PRIZE OF RS 75 LAKH IS: To Be Announced
LUCKY NUMBER FOR 2ND PRIZE OF RS 5 LAKH IS: To Be Announced
LUCKY NUMBERS FOR 3RD PRIZE OF RS 1,00,000 ARE: To Be Announced
LUCKY NUMBERS FOR CONSOLATION PRIZE OF RS 8,000 ARE: To Be Announced
(For The Tickets Ending with The Following Numbers below)
LUCKY NUMBERS FOR 4TH PRIZE OF RS 5,000 ARE: To Be Announced
LUCKY NUMBERS FOR 5TH PRIZE OF RS 2,000 ARE: ​To Be Announced
LUCKY NUMBERS FOR 6TH PRIZE OF RS 1,000 ARE: To Be Announced
LUCKY NUMBERS FOR 7TH PRIZE OF RS 500 ARE: To Be Announced
LUCKY NUMBERS FOR 8TH PRIZE OF RS 100 ARE: ​​To Be Announced
KERALA LOTTERY RESULT 16-09-2024 SEPTEMBER TODAY: Win Win W 787 LUCKY DRAW PRIZE DETAILS
1st Prize: Rs 75 Lakhs
2nd Prize: Rs. 5 lakh
3rd Prize: Rs. 1 Lakh
4th Prize: Rs. 5,000
5th Prize: Rs. 2,000
6th Prize: Rs. 1,000
7th Prize: Rs. 500
8th Prize: Rs 100
Consolation Prize: Rs. 8,000
(NOTE: Lottery can be addictive and should be played responsibly. The data provided on this page is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as advice or encouragement. Zee News does not promote lottery in anyway.)
Stay Tuned To Zee News For Live And Latest Updates On Kerala Lottery Result 2024

#### **4. [J&K Polls: Kanhaiya Kumar Slams BJP-Led Central Govt, Says Congress Will Bring 'Actual Peace' In UT](https://zeenews.india.com/india/jk-polls-kanhaiya-kumar-slams-bjp-led-central-govt-says-congress-will-bring-actual-peace-in-ut-2793740.html)**

Jammu And Kashmir Elections: As Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir are inching closer, political parties are stepping up their poll campaign in the Union Territory. On Sunday, Congress leader Kanhaiya Kumar, who was campaigning in Anantnag, said that there is a silence in Jammu and Kashmir and actual peace would be established when his party will come to power.
Speaking to PTI Videos during poll campaigning in Anantnag, he said, "There is a difference between silence and peace. There is silence here. We have to bring actual peace".
Kumar was campaigning for All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Ghulam Ahmad Mir, who is the party's candidate in the upcoming J&K Assembly polls from the Dooru seat. He said there is "a huge anger against the oppression" that the people of the Union Territory have been subjected to over the last 10 years.
"Our understanding is that this time, the voting percentage in Kashmir will be the highest. This voting will be against oppression, unemployment, the injustices done to the people of Jammu and Kashmir, and to get back their right to statehood," he said.
The Congress leader also took a pot shot at the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led central government and accused it of harbouring "ill intentions." He dubbed the independent candidates in the elections "slaves of Union Minister Amit Shah."
"Those who are contesting the polls as independents are actually slaves of Union Home Minister Amit Shah. That is why the election in Jammu and Kashmir this time is a fight between two powers—on the one hand, there are those who spread hatred, and on the other, there are those who spread love and fight for the rights of the people of Jammu and Kashmir," he said.
Kumar said the election is a battle between two ideologies, with the National Conference-Congress coalition on the one hand and the alliance of all others, "which is essentially the BJP's alliance," on the other.
"This fight is between love and hate, between justice and injustice. It is a fight for giving back the people of Jammu and Kashmir their rights, which were snatched from them. People here have understood that they must not allow a division of votes," he said.
The 90-member Jammu and Kashmir Assembly is set to go to polls in three phases on September 18, September 25, and October 1, and the counting of votes will be taken up on October 8.
(With PTI Inputs)

#### **5. [Technical Snag In IndiGo's Mumbai-Doha Flight Leaves Passengers Stuck Inside Plane For Over 4 Hrs](https://zeenews.india.com/india/technical-snag-in-indigos-mumbai-doha-flight-leaves-passengers-stuck-inside-plane-for-over-4-hrs-2793739.html)**

Mumbai: Passengers of an IndiGo flight from the city to Doha waited inside the aircraft for more than four hours on Sunday morning as it was delayed due to a technical issue.
After a delay of nearly 18 hours, the flight took off for the Qatar capital from Mumbai airport around 9:45 pm. It was originally scheduled to depart around 4 am, sources in the know said.
Passengers were inside the aircraft for more than four hours before they deplaned, the sources added. Some passengers took to social media to complain about the delay and their long wait.
In the morning, IndiGo said its flight 6E 1303, operating from Mumbai to Doha, was delayed due to a technical reason.
"The aircraft tried to depart for its destination a couple of times but had to finally be called off due to the extended time lag on account of various procedural delays," the airline said in a statement.
While apologising for the inconvenience, IndiGo said its airport team immediately offered assistance to the affected customers and provided refreshments and necessary arrangements.
On Sunday morning, a passenger on X said the flight was stuck for four hours due to a technical problem and that the immigration authority was not giving permission to offload the passengers.
The airline also said passengers were being provided hotels and rebooked according to their final destination.

#### **6. [MP: Speeding BMW Hits Scooter In Indore, 2 Women Killed ](https://zeenews.india.com/india/mp-speeding-bmw-hits-scooter-in-indore-2-women-killed-2793727.html)**

In a tragic incident in Indore, two women lost their lives after their scooter was struck by a speeding BMW on Saturday night. The victims, Diksha Jadon and Lakshmi Tomar, were returning from the Khajrana Ganesh temple fair when the accident occurred.
According to eyewitnesses, the BMW collided with the scooter, sending both women flying off the vehicle. They sustained severe injuries and were immediately rushed to a nearby hospital. Unfortunately, despite efforts to save them, both succumbed to their injuries shortly after.
Victims' Backgrounds
Lakshmi Tomar, originally from Shivpuri, had been the sole provider for her family since the passing of her father last year. She had moved to Indore for work to support her household. Diksha Jadon, hailing from Gwalior, was employed at a public sector bank in Indore.
Police Investigation
The driver of the BMW fled the scene following the accident. The local police have registered a case against the car owner and driver, and a manhunt has been launched to locate the individual responsible for the fatal crash, confirmed Khajrana Police Station in-charge Manoj Singh Sendhav.

# **Entertainment**

#### **1. [Devara Part 1: NTR Jr. Reveals Challenges Of Filming A 35-day Underwater Sequence](https://zeenews.india.com/bollywood/devara-part-1-ntr-jr-reveals-challenges-of-filming-a-35-day-underwater-sequence-2793633.html)**

Telugu star NTR Jr., who is gearing up for the release of his upcoming movie 'Devara :Part 1', has shared insights about the film, and a scene which involved 35 days of shoot.
He engaged in a conversation with filmmaker Sandeep Reddy Vanga, and spoke about the challenges faced during the underwater shoot.
He described the 35-day shoot as one of the toughest of his career, specifically mentioning the intricate details of a scene involving a shark.
He said, “There’s this mad interaction between the protagonist and the shark”. He shared that shooting underwater required extreme precision, as the actors couldn’t stay submerged for long. “If it's a six-second shot, they need to rehearse it properly and do an exact six-second shot”.
The depth of the pool added another layer of complexity, with some sequences taking place at 18 feet. "It’s not just swimming inside, it’s fighting and killing inside”, he added.
Interestingly, water and fire were the themes of his blockbuster movie ‘RRR’ with the theme of water symbolising his character of freedom fighter Komaram Bheem.
He said, "That was my first underwater sequence ever," he recalled, noting that this latest challenge in ‘Devara’ pushed him further. One of the toughest parts was working without goggles, which made it difficult to see clearly. "I didn’t know where the camera is, I just knew it’s somewhere there, but I couldn’t actually see it”.
Despite all the challenges, NTR is proud of what the team achieved, calling it a complex but rewarding experience.
Produced by Yuvasudha Arts and NTR Arts, the film also stars Saif Ali Khan and Janhvi Kapoor. Directed by Koratala Siva, ‘Devara: Part 1’ is scheduled to hit theatres on September 27, 2024.

#### **2. [Alia Bhatt & Diljit Dosanjh Unveil Sneak Peek Of Upbeat Song 'Chal Kudiye' From 'Jigra'](https://zeenews.india.com/bollywood/alia-bhatt-diljit-dosanjh-unveil-sneak-peek-of-upbeat-song-chal-kudiye-from-jigra-2793594.html)**

New Delhi: In an exciting development for fans, Diljit Dosanjh and Alia Bhatt are reuniting almost after eight years for a new track titled 'Chal Kudiye,' set to feature in Alia's forthcoming film, 'Jigra'.
This collaboration follows their successful partnership on the hit song 'Ikk Kudi' from the 2016 film 'Udta Punjab', which remains a fan favourite.
The teaser for 'Chal Kudiye' was shared by Alia Bhatt on Instagram, creating a buzz among her followers.
The snippet opens with Alia, dressed in a t-shirt marked with the word 'Ghar' (Home), facing away from the camera.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Alia Bhatt (@aliaabhatt)
Diljit Dosanjh makes a striking appearance in an all-white ensemble.
Prominently displayed in the background is the film's title, 'Jigra.'
Alia captioned the teaser, "It's yours soon #ChalKudiye @diljitdosanjh #Jigra in cinemas 11th October."
Fans were quick to express their enthusiasm in the comments section.
One user remarked, "My two most favourite people in one frame," while another predicted, "A chartbuster loading. Can't wait for it ."
A third fan described it as, "Once again a lethal combination."
Earlier, Alia shared a behind-the-scenes photo from the set, highlighting a playful exchange between the two stars.
The image featured Alia seated in a chair labelled 'The said Kudi,' while Dosanjh's chair read 'Sings about Kudi.'
She captioned the photo, "Chairs say it all."
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Alia Bhatt (@aliaabhatt)
The track 'Chal Kudiye' marks a reunion between Alia Bhatt and Dosanjh, who last collaborated on 'Udta Punjab' in 2016.
The film, directed by Abhishek Chaubey, was a major success and featured Dosanjh's Hindi film debut alongside Alia Bhatt, Kareena Kapoor, and Shahid Kapoor. Their rendition of 'Ikk Kudi' was particularly well-received.
Meanwhile, 'Jigra', directed by Vasan Bala, is set for release on October 11, 2024. The recently unveiled teaser trailer showcases Alia Bhatt in a dramatic role as she navigates personal and familial challenges.
The trailer features scenes of Alia's character grappling with time constraints and attempting to free Vedang Raina's character from arrest.
The teaser also highlights a sibling bond and includes a modern rendition of the classic song 'Phoolon Ka Taaron Ka.'
In addition to 'Jigra', Alia has several other high-profile projects lined up. She will star in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's historical drama 'Love and War', alongside Ranbir Kapoor and Vicky Kaushal.
Alia Bhatt is also set to appear in 'Alpha', directed by Shiv Rawail, which promises to bring a fresh perspective to action films with its strong female lead. The film will also star Sharvari.

#### **3. [Kareena Kapoor Khan Starrer 'The Buckingham Murders’ Collected ₹1.62 On Day 1](https://zeenews.india.com/bollywood/kareena-kapoor-khan-s-the-buckingham-murders-collected-1-62-on-day-1-2793468.html)**

New Delhi: Kareena Kapoor Khan's latest release, The Buckingham Murders, has made a notable impression at the box office, with a ₹1.62 crore collection on its opening day.
This strong start is particularly impressive given the film's mature themes, intense narrative, and unique title. The film’s day 2 earnings have seen a remarkable 90 percent increase, reflecting its growing popularity and positive reception.
At the trailer launch of The Buckingham Murders that took place in Mumbai, Ektaa stated that ''The film had already recovered its budget. The Buckingham Murders full cost has been covered including its P&A. Theatrically and box office wise (in India and worldwide), it’s a profit," she said.
#TheBuckinghamMurders opens on expected lines. A niche film, it has seen a controlled release in theatres. It's a kind of a film that grows on the basis of word of mouth, which is going positive.
Friday - 1.62 crore#KareenaKapoorKhan #HansalMehta #EktaKapoor
— Joginder Tuteja (@Tutejajoginder) September 14, 2024
This performance is a standout moment in Kareena Kapoor Khan’s career, as her portrayal of the grieving mother in this mystery thriller has resonated well with audiences, leading to a significant boost in box office numbers. 
‘The Buckingham Murders’ marks Kareena Kapoor Khan's debut as a producer and brings an intriguing, suspenseful story to the screen. The film also features another collaboration between Ektaa R Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor Khan, following their successful projects like ‘Veere Di Wedding’ and ‘Crew’. 
#TheBuckinghamMurders' is wonderful film and has started well with 1.62 Cr net collection. It's an English film and being loved by the multiplex audiences. The collections will increase during weekend. #HansalMehta pic.twitter.com/6EwgycCk82
— Ramesh Bala (@rameshlaus) September 14, 2024
Released exclusively in cinemas on September 13, 2024, ‘The Buckingham Murders’ features an exceptional ensemble cast, including Kareena Kapoor Khan, Ash Tandon, Ranveer Brar, and Keith Allen.
Directed by Hansal Mehta and written by Aseem Arrora, Kashyap Kapoor, and Raghav Raj Kakker, it is a Mahana Films and TBM Films production, presented by Balaji Telefilms and produced by Shobha Kapoor, Ektaa R Kapoor, and first-time producer Kareena Kapoor Khan.

#### **4. [Triptii Dimri Channels Retro Vibes At ‘Vicky Vidya Ka Woh Wala Video’ Trailer Launch ](https://zeenews.india.com/bollywood/triptii-dimri-channels-retro-vibes-at-vicky-vidya-ka-woh-wala-video-trailer-launch-2793358.html)**

Actress Triptii Dimri, who is awaiting the release of her upcoming movie ‘Vicky Vidya Ka Woh Wala Video’, is feeling retro. On Saturday, the actress took to her Instagram, and shared a Reel in which she can be seen effortlessly pulling off the retro look.
Her look is from the trailer launch of ‘Vicky Vidya Ka Woh Wala Video’ in which she can be seen donning a fern-coloured saree with a floral pattern. She rounded up her look with a matching scarf, bangles and a pair of statement glasses.
In the video, she was asked if she is living her dream of being in your 60s, the actress responded by saying, “I’m”.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Triptii Dimri (@tripti_dimri)
Bollywood actresses like Sadhna and Asha Parekh popularised this look in the 60s. The hairdo has a signature puff with long sideburns.
Meanwhile, ‘Vicky Vidya Ka Woh Wala Video’, which also stars Rajkummar Rao, Mallika Sherawat, Vijay Raaz and Mukesh Tiwari, follows the story of a couple who decide to film their first night as a souvenir. It all seems fine until the CD in which they stored their video gets stolen along with the CD player.
Chaos ensues as the cops are called to search for the missing CD player. and others. When the cops fail to find the missing CD, the family of Rajkummar Rao gets a call asking for ransom in exchange for the CD. The film has been mainly shot in Rishikesh and was wrapped in April 2024. It is directed by Raaj Shaandilyaa, who is known for the Ayushmann Khurrana-starrer Dream Girl’ and its follow-up ‘Dream Girl 2’. 
This is Triptii’s 2nd film after the Ranbir Kapoor-starrer ‘Animal’. Earlier, her ‘Bad Newz’ emerged as a hit, and now ‘Vicky Vidya Ka Woh Wala Video’ looks set to bring her a hattrick.
Produced under T-Series, Balaji Motion Pictures, Wakaoo Films and Kathavachak Films, ‘Vicky Vidya Ka Woh Wala Video’ is scheduled for a theatrical release on October 11, 2024.
The actress recently also signed another film opposite Shahid Kapoor. The yet-to-be-titled film will be directed by Vishal Bhardwaj.

#### **5. [Tumbbad 2 Official Announcement: Sohum Shah Says 'What Happens When Greed Knows No Limits...'](https://zeenews.india.com/bollywood/tumbbad-2-official-announcement-sohum-shah-says-what-happens-when-greed-knows-no-limits-2793242.html)**

Actor-producer Sohum Shah, who is enjoying the response to the re-release of his fantasy horror film ‘Tumbbad’, has said that the upcoming second instalment of the film will be an intense exploration of greed knowing no limits.
‘Tumbbad’, which was released in 2018, harped on the theme of greed and linked it to the Marathi legend of Hastar.
Talking about the sequel to the film, Sohum Shah said, “‘Tumbbad’ has been a special journey and a labour of love for us, and to see the love it continues to receive is overwhelming and only ratifies our belief and ethos of Sohum Shah Films, that content is king. With ‘Tumbbad 2’, we want to push the cinematic experience and boundaries even further. ‘Tumbbad 2’ will take audiences deeper into the world we’ve created, with bigger twists and a more intense exploration of what happens when greed knows no limits.”
The re-release of ‘Tumbbad’ has not only revived the magic of this fantasy folklore classic but has also set records with its first-day numbers. On its re-release, ‘Tumbbad’ surpassed its original box office numbers.
Adding to the frenzy, the announcement of Tumbbad 2 was made through a powerful video unit. The teaser opens with Vinayak and his son Pandurang, with Sohum Shah’s voiceover delivering a foreboding message, “Samay ka pahiya gol hai, jo beet gaya woh fir laut ke aayega… darwaaza bhi ek baar phir khulega”.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Sohum Shah Films (@sohumshahfilms)
‘Tumbbad’ was directed by Rahi Anil Barve based on a story a friend had told him about in 1993, by the Marathi writer Narayan Dharap. He wrote the first draft in 1997, when he was 18 years old. From 2009 to 2010, he created a 700-page storyboard for the film.
The film follows the story of the lead character’s search for a hidden 20th century treasure in the Indian village of Tumbbad, Maharashtra.

#### **6. [Yudhra Trailer 2: Siddhant Chaturvedi Reveals High-Octane Action at Gaiety Galaxy](https://zeenews.india.com/bollywood/yudhra-trailer-2-siddhant-chaturvedi-reveals-high-octane-action-at-gaiety-galaxy-2793219.html)**

Siddhant Chaturvedi and Raghav Juyal are gearing up for the ultimate showdown in the upcoming action thriller 'Yudhra'. Following the release of a high-energy first trailer and catchy songs, fans are now in for a treat with the launch of Yudhra's action-packed Trailer 2. 
Siddhant Chaturvedi premiered the new trailer at Mumbai's iconic Gaiety Galaxy in front of thousands of excited fans and media. Trailer 2 showcases a thrilling face-off between Siddhant’s character Yudhra, a fierce and rage-driven fighter, and Raghav Juyal's Shafiq, a deadly villain. The trailer promises intense action sequences and hard-hitting dialogues, raising expectations for the film's release. 
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Siddhant Chaturvedi (@siddhantchaturvedi)
(Also Read: Saathiya Out Now: Yudhra’s First Song Highlights Sizzling Chemistry Between Siddhant Chaturvedi And Malavika Mohanan)
Produced by Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar, 'Yudhra' is set to release in theaters on September 20. The film also stars Gajraj Rao, Ram Kapoor, and Raj Arjun in key supporting roles, making it one of the most anticipated action spectacles of the year.

# **Cricket**

#### **1. [Virat Kohli's Shot Smashes Chepauk Wall During Practice Session Ahead Of Bangladesh Test Series](https://zeenews.india.com/cricket/virat-kohlis-shot-smashes-chepauk-wall-during-practice-session-ahead-of-bangladesh-test-series-2793788.html)**

IND vs BAN: India's star batter Virat Kohli is known for his power-packed performances on the field, but his prowess with the bat caused an unusual incident during a practice session at Chennai's Chepauk Stadium on Sunday, September 15. While preparing for the upcoming Test series against Bangladesh, Kohli sent one of his shots crashing into the wall near the dressing room, creating a large, ball-shaped hole.
The incident, captured and reported by broadcaster Jio Cinema, left a lasting mark quite literally as Kohli's powerful strike broke through part of the Chepauk Stadium’s wall. The Indian team has been training hard in Chennai ahead of their two-match Test series against Bangladesh, which is set to begin in just a week.
Bangladesh, riding high after their historic 2-0 series win against Pakistan, are preparing to face India with renewed confidence. The Bangladesh players were recently rewarded with BDT 3.20 crore from the interim government for their triumph, making them even more eager to maintain their momentum in the upcoming series. While Bangladesh has never won a Test series on Indian soil, they will be hoping to break that streak this time around.
India, meanwhile, enters this series with a commanding position at the top of the World Test Championship points table. Their last Test encounter saw them defeat England 4-1 in a five-match series earlier in 2024, after recovering from a loss in the opening Test in Hyderabad. Under Rohit Sharma’s leadership, India will be looking to continue their dominance, not only in this series but also ahead of the much-anticipated Border-Gavaskar Trophy against Australia later in the year.
The India vs. Bangladesh series will be a crucial opportunity for both teams to set the tone for future contests. Bangladesh will aim to build on their success, while India looks to solidify their position as the dominant force in Test cricket.
The Chepauk Stadium incident adds an extra layer of intrigue to what promises to be an exciting series, and fans are eager to see if Kohli’s batting, which can break walls, will break Bangladesh's hopes as well.

#### **2. [ENG vs AUS: Harry Brook Named England's Captain In Absence Of Jos Buttler For ODI Series](https://zeenews.india.com/cricket/eng-vs-aus-harry-brook-named-englands-captain-in-absence-of-jos-buttler-for-odi-series-2793723.html)**

Right-hand batter Harry Brook is set to lead the England side in the upcoming ODI series against Australia in the absence of wicketkeeper-batter Jos Buttler, who is set to miss the series after suffering a right calf injury. This will mark Brook's first assignment as skipper of the national team in any format, although the 25-year-old has previously led Yorkshire in the T20 Blast and the Northern Superchargers in The Hundred.
England have had to make another change to their lineup, as Josh Hull is sidelined with a quad injury. Hull, who recently debuted for England in the third Test against Sri Lanka, impressed everyone by taking three wickets in the first innings. (Rohit Sharma To Ricky Ponting: 6 Batters With Most Stylish Pull Shot)
In his place, Liam Livingstone, who is currently in red-hot form at the ongoing T20I series, returns to the squad after initially being left out. Livingstone recently expressed his desire to make a strong comeback, following his impressive performances in a new role at No. 4 for England in T20Is.
"I don't really know - that's one of my challenges. That's why I'm happy that I've got an opportunity to bat up the order [in the T20Is]. I feel like I've shown over the last couple of weeks, maybe a month, that the longer I get to bat in games, the more of a chance I have to affect games," Livingstone said talking about an ODI comeback as quoted by the ICC.
"I want to play as much cricket for England as I possibly can. Unfortunately, I won't be playing in the ODIs but it's still not something I'm giving up on. I've had a difficult couple of years. My body has probably let me down a little bit, and maybe I haven't been up to scratch physically, with a couple of niggles here and there," the all-rounder added.
ODI series schedule:
1st ODI: 19 September, Trent Bridge.
2nd ODI: 21 September, Headingley.
3rd ODI: 24 September, Seat Unique Riverside.
4th ODI: 27 September, Lord's.
5th ODI: 29 September, Seat Unique Stadium.
England ODI squad: Harry Brook (captain), Jofra Archer, Jacob Bethell, Brydon Carse, Jordan Cox, Ben Duckett, Will Jacks, Liam Livingstone, Matthew Potts, Adil Rashid, Phil Salt, Jamie Smith, Olly Stone, Reece Topley, John Turner.

#### **3. [WATCH: Unfortunate Yash Dubey Gets Out In Most Bizarre Way During Duleep Trophy 2024](https://zeenews.india.com/cricket/watch-unfortunate-yash-dubey-gets-out-in-most-bizarre-way-during-duleep-trophy-2024-2793677.html)**

On Day 4 of the second round of the Duleep Trophy at the Rural Development Trust Stadium in Anantapur, Yash Dubey of India D experienced a tough dismissal. India D was chasing a daunting target of 488 runs in their fourth innings. Dubey, along with Ricky Bhui, had steadied the innings with a crucial 100-run partnership after the early dismissal of Atharva Taide for a duck.
As they began to build their innings, Dubey and Bhui looked to be in control. However, their partnership was abruptly ended due to a run-out incident. During the first session of Day 4, Bhui drove Shams Mulani's delivery down the ground to secure a single. At the non-striker’s end, Dubey failed to get his bat out of the way in time as the ball deflected towards the stumps. Mulani seized the opportunity, quickly collected the ball, and broke the stumps, leading to Dubey’s dismissal. He was found short of the crease and was out for 37 off 94 balls. (Watch: Sanju Samson Turns On Attacking Mode As He Takes On Bowlers In Duleep Trophy 2024)
Some quick thinking, presence of mind  luck helped India A break the 100-run stand between Yash Dubey  Ricky Bhui #DuleepTrophy  @IDFCFIRSTBank
Follow the match  https://t.co/m9YW0HttaH pic.twitter.com/w6nBmgPxfB
 BCCI Domestic (@BCCIdomestic) September 15, 2024
Pacer Anshul Kamboj ended up with an eight-wicket haul as India C took the lead in the Duleep Trophy standings on the basis of the first innings lead against India B here.
Resuming day four at 309 for seven, India B were dismissed for 332 in 108 overs with Kamboj cleaning up the tail to add to his overnight five wickets. India B skipper Abhimanyu Easwaran remained unbeaten on 157 off 286 balls.
India C, who amassed 525 in the first innings, reached 128 for four in their second innings and that was the moment where players to decided to shake hands.
India C got three points for the first innings lead, pushing them to top with nine points in two games while India B got a solitary point for a draw.
Captain Ruturaj Gaikwad (62) stuck his second fifty of the match while Rajat Patidar was dismissed in the 40s for the second consecutive time in the game.
It was only the third time in Duleep Trophy history that a pacer had taken eight wickets or more in an innings. Kamboj was deservingly named player of the match. It was the first ever five wicket haul for the Haryana cricketer in his 15th first class game. He has played for Mumbai Indians in the IPL this season.
Another cricketer who made a statement in the game was Ishan Kishan, who smashed 111 off 126 balls in his return to red ball cricket.
Brief scores: India C: 525 all in 124.1 overs and 128/4 in 37 overs (Ruturaj Gaikwad 62; Rahul Chahar 2/8 vs India B: 332 all out in 108 overs(Abhimanyu Easwaran 157 not out, Narayan Jagadeesan 70; Anshul Kamboj 8/69 in 27.5 overs). (With PTI Inputs)

#### **4. [ENG Vs AUS 3rd T20 Live Streaming: When And Where To Watch England Vs Australia Match Live On Mobile Apps, Online](https://zeenews.india.com/cricket/eng-vs-aus-3rd-t20-live-streaming-when-and-where-to-watch-england-vs-australia-match-live-on-mobile-apps-online-2793642.html)**

ENG vs AUS: England and Australia are set to face off in the third and final T20I of their series at Old Trafford, Manchester, on Sunday. The series is tied 1-1, with England securing a three-wicket victory in the second match in Cardiff, after Australia won the opener by 28 runs in Southampton. Both teams will be eager to clinch the series in this final showdown at Old Trafford on September 15.
In the second T20I, Australia, batting first, saw a quickfire 31 from stand-in captain Travis Head, followed by a solid 52-run partnership with Matt Short (28). Jake Fraser-McGurk (50) and Josh Inglis (42) kept the momentum going, while Cameron Green (13*) and Aaron Hardie (20*) added late runs, pushing Australia to 193/6.
In reply, England’s captain Phil Salt (39) gave a strong start, despite losing two early wickets. The partnership between Liam Livingstone (87) and Jacob Bethell (44) ensured England chased down the target with an over to spare.
Also Read: ENG Vs AUS Dream11 Team Prediction, Match Preview, Fantasy Cricket Hints
ENG vs AUS 3rd T20I - Match Details
Date: Sunday, September 15
Venue: Old Trafford, Manchester
Start Time: 7 PM IST
Toss Time: 6:30 PM IST
When will the third T20I between England and Australia take place?
The third T20I between England and Australia will be held on Sunday, September 15.
Where will the third T20I between England and Australia be held?
The third T20I between England and Australia will be held at Old Trafford, Manchester.
When will the third T20I between England and Australia start?
The third T20I between England and Australia will begin at 7 PM IST.
When will the toss for the third T20I between England and Australia take place?
The toss for the third T20I between England and Australia will take place at 6:30 PM IST.
Where will the third T20I between England and Australia be telecast live in India?
The third T20I between England and Australia will be telecast live on the Sony Sports Network in India.
Where will the third T20I between England and Australia be live streamed in India?
The third T20I between England and Australia will be streamed live on SonyLIV and FanCode app and website.

#### **5. [Watch: Sanju Samson Turns On Attacking Mode As He Takes On Bowlers In Duleep Trophy 2024](https://zeenews.india.com/cricket/watch-sanju-samson-turns-on-attacking-mode-as-he-takes-on-bowlers-in-duleep-trophy-2024-2793632.html)**

India’s star wicketkeeper-batter Sanju Samson did something that left everyone in splits on Sunday in the ongoing Duleep Trophy 2024. Representing India D against India A, Samson turned on his attacking mode and ended up smashing 40 off 45, keeping his team in the massive run chase of 488. On the fourth day of play, India D required 426 runs more to win with Ricky Bhui and Yash Dubey batting unbeaten at the crease at 62/1. 
Bhui and Dubey's stand helped India D in the game but Shams Mulani helped India A to bounce back. The moment Dubey departed for 37, India D also lost Devdutt Padikkal. But then, Shreyas Iyer built a solid stand with Bhui, before getting out for 41 by Mulani. Samson then came out to bat at no 6 and played attacking cricket. The Kerela-based player smashed a beautiful boundary off Tanush Kotian.
Getting into the groove early 
Stepping out & smashing down the ground.
Sanju Samson has played some cracking shots so far #DuleepTrophy | @IDFCFIRSTBank
Follow the match : https://t.co/m9YW0Hu10f pic.twitter.com/i965bytcvI
— BCCI Domestic (BCCIdomestic) September 15, 2024
He did not stop there as he hammered a huge six against Mulani and then hit a boundary and a six in the 57th over of Kotian. Subsequently, his attacking knock came to an end in the 61st over as Kotian got rid of him. Talking about the game, Bhui collected a century and stood still for India D in the mammoth run-chase. Previously, on day 3, star left-hander Tilak Varma and Pratham made smashed hundreds to power India A to a commanding position against India D.
The Mumbai Indian batter Varma played an unbeaten knock of 111 (193 balls, 9x4), while Pratham scored an impressive 122 (189 balls, 12x4, 1x6) as India A declared their second innings at 380 for three.

#### **6. [ENG Vs AUS Dream11 Team Prediction, Match Preview, Fantasy Cricket Hints: Captain, Probable Playing 11s, Team News; Injury Updates For Today’s England Vs Australia 3rd T20I, Manchester, 7 PM IST, September 15](https://zeenews.india.com/cricket/eng-vs-aus-dream11-team-prediction-match-preview-fantasy-cricket-hints-captain-probable-playing-11s-team-news-injury-updates-for-today-s-england-vs-australia-3rd-t20i-manchester-7-pm-ist-september-15-2793631.html)**

It has come down to the final match of the series to decide the winner as England and Australia are ready for the final dance in Manchester, Old Trafford. In the previous T20I, England were dominant after winning the toss and chasing down the target whereas Australia outclassed the hosts in the first game of the series in all departments.
Liam Livingstone showcased brilliance with the bat in the second T20I smashing 87 runs to chase England's target in the 19th over. Matthew Short took a 5-wicket haul but his efforts went in vain as England levelled the series.
The pitch conditions in Manchester are preferred by batters and we can expect yet another high scoring thriller between these two quality cricket sides. Team winning the toss should look to bat first. (IND vs BAN: India Bring In Pacer With 6'4.5 Height For Special Preparation Ahead Of 1st Test)
England vs Australia 3rd T20I Dream11 Prediction
Keepers – Philip Salt, Josh Inglis
Batsmen – Jake Fraser McGurk, Travis Head (c)
All-rounders – Marcus Stoinis, Sam Curran (vc), Cameron Green, Mathew Short, Liam Livingstone
Bowlers – Adam Zampa, Sean Abbott
ENG vs AUS 3rd T20I Predicted 11s
England Playing 11: Liam Livingstone, Jacob Bethell, Sam Curran, Jamie Overton, Brydon Carse, Adil Rashid, Saqib Mahmood, Reece Topley, Phil Salt©(wk), Will Jacks, Jordan Cox
Australia Playing 11: Josh Inglis(wk), Marcus Stoinis, Tim David, Cameron Green, Aaron Hardie, Cooper Connolly, Sean Abbott, Adam Zampa, Matthew Short, Travis Head©, Jake Fraser-McGurk
England vs Australia Full Squads
Australia Squad: Matthew Short, Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh(c), Josh Inglis(w), Marcus Stoinis, Tim David, Cameron Green, Sean Abbott, Xavier Bartlett, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood, Jake Fraser-McGurk, Riley Meredith, Aaron Hardie, Cooper Connolly.
England Squad: Philip Salt(w/c), Will Jacks, Jordan Cox, Liam Livingstone, Jacob Bethell, Sam Curran, Jamie Overton, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Saqib Mahmood, Reece Topley, Brydon Carse, Dan Mousley, John Turner, Josh Hull.

#### **7. ['He Never Treats You...': Sarfaraz Khan On Captain Rohit Sharma Ahead Of India vs Bangladesh 1st Test](https://zeenews.india.com/cricket/he-never-treats-you-sarfaraz-khan-on-captain-rohit-sharma-ahead-of-india-vs-bangladesh-1st-test-2793622.html)**

As the two-match Test series against Bangladesh approaches, Indian batter Sarfaraz Khan has expressed admiration for Rohit Sharma, noting that the Indian captain treats everyone with respect, regardless of their experience level. Earlier this year, Sarfaraz made his Test debut against England, playing three matches and accumulating 200 runs at a strike rate of 79.37. His debut performance included a notable 62-run innings off 66 balls, which garnered significant attention. Sarfaraz has recently been selected for the upcoming Tests against Bangladesh.
The two-match series between India and Bangladesh will kick off on September 19 in Chennai at the MA Chidambaram Stadium. Meanwhile, the second long-format game will begin on September 27 in Kanpur. In his first Test assignment, head coach Gautam Gambhir will be keen on securing a series win.
Speaking to Jio Cinema, Sarfaraz said that Rohit Sharma is different from others and always treats everyone like he is their elder brother. (‘There Is No Discomfort’: Mohammed Shami Looks To Take Time Before India Return)
"He's very different, makes you comfortable and is like an elder brother to us. I enjoy playing with him. He never treats you like a junior. He's a positive guy. The way he speaks, it boosts your confidence," Sarfaraz said.
"Lagaan is my favourite movie. In that, the way Aamir Khan assembles his team, Rohit bhai reminds me of that. For me, he's Lagaan's Aamir Khan. It feels like he's part of your family," he added.
Rohit Sharma will continue to lead the Test side. Pacers Akash Deep and Yash Dayal received maiden call-ups, while dynamic wicketkeeper-batter Rishabh Pant has returned to Test cricket for the first time since his life-threatening accident in December 2022.
India's squad for the 1st Test of the Bangladesh Test series: Rohit Sharma (C), Yashasvi Jaiswal, Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, KL Rahul, Sarfaraz Khan, Rishabh Pant (WK), Dhruv Jurel (WK), R Ashwin, R Jadeja, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj, Akash Deep, Jasprit Bumrah, Yash Dayal. (With ANI Inputs)

#### **8. [How Earrings Worth Rs 1 Lakh Caused Ruckus Between Cristiano Ronaldo And Erik Ten Hag At Manchester United](https://zeenews.india.com/other-sports/how-earrings-worth-rs-1-lakh-caused-ruckus-between-cristiano-ronaldo-and-erik-ten-hag-at-manchester-united-2793699.html)**

Cristiano Ronaldo has been public about his views on Manchester United and coach Erik ten Hag. Recently, the five-time Ballon d'Or winner said that the club need to "Rebuild everything". Interestingly, nobody knows what happened between Ronaldo and ten Hag during the Portugal star's second stint with the Red Devils but now Manchester Evening News has shared a story which gives an idea of what happened. The report suggests that Ronaldo threw a tantrum over his earrings after being asked not to wear them.
According to the newspaper, Erik ten Hag directed his players not to wear jewelry during training sessions. While Cristiano Ronaldo had worn earrings under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, ten Hag implemented a different policy. Eventually, ten Hag asked his assistant, Steve McClaren, to address the issue with Ronaldo. When McClaren informed Ronaldo to remove his earrings, Ronaldo responded by tossing them into a bush.
Ronaldo has 638 million followers on Instagram, 170 million on Facebook, and 113 million on X. The Al-Nassr captain recently launched his YouTube channel and broke the record for hitting the fastest 10 million subscribers.
Ronaldo broke the record by ousting Hamster Kombat. Hamster took seven days to hit the 10 million mark, while Ronaldo achieved it within a day. (Cristiano Ronaldo’s Luxurious Car Collection: Porsche 911 To Rolls Royce Phantom, A Glimpse Into Football Legend's Garage)
"We've made history -- 1 BILLION followers! This is more than just a number - it's a testament to our shared passion, drive, and love for the game and beyond. From the streets of Madeira to the biggest stages in the world, I've always played for my family and for you, and now 1 billion of us stand together. You've been with me every step of the way, through all the highs and the lows. This journey is our journey, and together, we've shown that there are no limits to what we can achieve. Thank you for believing in me, for your support, and for being part of my life. The best is yet to come, and we'll keep pushing, winning, and making history together," Cristiano Ronaldo wrote on X.
The five-time Ballon d'Or winner recently made history and achieved another milestone during Portugal's UEFA Nations League match against Croatia. He became the first men's football player to score 900 career goals.
The Portuguese forward etched his name in the record book when he scored against Croatia in the 34th minute of the match. Nuno Mendes put up a perfect cross, which Ronaldo connected with from close range to fire the ball past Croatian goalkeeper Livakovic. The 39-year-old's goal also helped Portugal to double their lead and win the match. (With ANI Inputs)

#### **9. [Neeraj Chopra's Shocking Injury News Revealed: Javelin Star Competed With Broken Hand In Diamond League Final 2024](https://zeenews.india.com/other-sports/neeraj-chopras-shocking-injury-news-revealed-javelin-star-competed-with-broken-hand-in-diamond-league-final-2024-2793626.html)**

Double Olympic gold medallist javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra on Sunday revealed that he took part in the Diamond League season finale despite a hand injury sustained during a training session. On Saturday, Chopra came agonisingly close to winning the Diamond League crown before missing it by a single centimeter to finish as runner-up for the second consecutive year with a throw of 87.86m.
"On Monday, I injured myself in practice and x-rays showed that I had fractured the fourth metacarpal in my left hand. It was another painful challenge for me. But with the help of my team, I was able to participate in Brussels," the 26-year-old said on his social media handle.
"This was the last competition of the year, and I wanted to end my season on the track. While I couldn’t meet my own expectations, I feel this was a season in which I learned a lot. I am now determined to return, fully fit and ready to go." (Neeraj Chopra Earns This Prize Money After Finishing 2nd, Falls Short by 0.01m At Diamond League 2024- Check Here)
As the 2024 season ends, I look back on everything I’ve learned through the year - about improvement, setbacks, mentality and more.
On Monday, I injured myself in practice and x-rays showed that I had fractured the fourth metacarpal in my left hand. It was another painful… pic.twitter.com/H8nRkUkaNM
 Neeraj Chopra (@Neeraj_chopra1) September 15, 2024
Chopra had been struggling with his fitness this season and is expected to meet a doctor to rectify a groin injury that has affected him all season and came in the way of his quest to hit the elusive 90m mark.
This hand injury is a new one and he did not elaborate much on it. Chopra, who added a silver to his Olympic medal tally in Paris following a historic gold at the Tokyo Games, thus ended his season on a high. (Diamond League Final 2024: Neeraj Chopra Finishes At 2nd Place Behind Anderson Peters In Brussels)
Reflecting on his season, he said, "As the 2024 season ends, I look back on everything I’ve learned through the year - about improvement, setbacks, mentality and more. I want to thank all of you for your encouragement. 2024 has made me a better athlete and person. See you in 2025."
In 2022, Chopra won the title and has finished second in 2024 with a silver from Paris Olympics 2024 also under his belt. Despite setbacks, Neeraj has looked positive on making comebacks and winning for his country everytime he takes part in a competition. In 2023, Neeraj finished second and lost his Diamond Trophy to Jakub Vadlejch.

#### **10. [Neeraj Chopra Earns This Prize Money After Finishing 2nd, Falls Short by 0.01m At Diamond League 2024- Check Here](https://zeenews.india.com/other-sports/neeraj-chopra-earns-this-prize-money-after-finishing-2nd-falls-short-by-0-01m-at-diamond-league-2024-check-here-2793469.html)**

India’s javelin superstar Neeraj Chopra concluded his 2024 season on a high note with yet another impressive performance at the Diamond League Final in Brussels. Although he narrowly missed out on the top spot by just 0.01 meters, Chopra secured the runners-up position, adding another podium finish to his incredible season. Neeraj threw 87.86m at the King Baudouin Stadium, but Grenadian star Anderson Peters edged him out with a throw of 87.87m to claim the prestigious Diamond Trophy.
Another Near-Miss In 2024
This year has seen Chopra replicate his 2023 performance, finishing as the runner-up in the Diamond League series once again. The reigning world champion, who earlier earned silver at the Paris Olympics, was upstaged by Peters, who made a stunning comeback to claim the title in Brussels. This result marks Neeraj’s fourth second-place finish of the season, having previously finished second in the Doha Diamond League, Lausanne Diamond League, and the Paris Olympics.
Despite the narrow misses, Chopra’s consistency has been remarkable. His best throw of the season, 89.49m, came during the Lausanne Diamond League, securing his spot in the finals. In total, Chopra earned USD 12,000 (approximately INR 10.06 lakh) for his runners-up finish in the Diamond League Final, bringing his total earnings in the competition to over INR 20 lakh.
Earnings And Prize Money In 2024
Neeraj Chopra’s solid performances throughout the 2024 season have earned him significant prize money. The 26-year-old bagged 14 points in the Diamond League series, securing USD 12,000 for his second-place finish in Brussels. Earlier in the season, Chopra earned USD 12,000 for his second-place finishes in both Doha and Lausanne, making his total earnings from the Diamond League alone exceed INR 20 lakh.
Anderson Peters Takes the Top Prize
While Neeraj earned another runner-up honor, Anderson Peters claimed the Diamond Trophy and a cash prize of USD 30,000 (approximately INR 25.16 lakh). Peters, who finished fourth in the Paris Olympics behind Chopra, delivered an exceptional performance in Brussels, marking his triumphant return to the top tier of javelin throwing.
Neeraj Chopra's Consistent Performance
Neeraj Chopra’s 2024 season may have been filled with narrow misses, but his consistency and determination have solidified his place among the world's elite athletes. With significant earnings from the Diamond League and his historic silver at the Paris Olympics, Chopra continues to build on his legacy as India’s ‘Golden Boy’ of athletics. Despite falling short by just a centimeter in Brussels, Chopra’s star remains undimmed as he looks ahead to future competitions, determined to reach even greater heights.

#### **11. [Diamond League Final 2024: Neeraj Chopra Finishes At 2nd Place Behind Anderson Peters In Brussels](https://zeenews.india.com/other-sports/diamond-league-final-2024-neeraj-chopra-finishes-at-2nd-place-behind-anderson-peters-in-brussels-2793386.html)**

On Saturday, India’s star Javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra ended up missing out on winning the Diamond Trophy as he fell short by only 1 centimetre at the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels. Chopra’s third attempt of 87.86 metres was left behind Anderson Peters of Granada, who clinched an 87.87 metre throw in his first attempt. Germany’s Julian Weber delivered a throw of 85.97 metres and ended up finishing third.
Neeraj, who won a silver medal in the Paris Olympics got USD 12,000 for coming at second position while Peters, who won the Diamond Trophy for the first time in his career, got USD 30,000 prize money. Chopra clinched victory in the Diamond League trophy in 2022 before ending second last year and managed to seal his spot in the Brussels final after finishing fourth in the overall DL standings. The 26-year-old collected 14 points from his consecutive second-place finishes in Doha and Lausanne.
Neeraj Chopra hits 8⃣7⃣.8⃣6⃣ m and finishes second in Brussels #DiamondLeagueonJioCinema #DiamondLeagueonSports18 #DiamondLeagueFinal pic.twitter.com/C8WETcMFqB
— JioCinema (JioCinema) September 14, 2024
Earlier, Chopra received a silver medal after throwing the javelin for 89.45 metres at Paris Olympics 2024. He scripted history when he won a gold medal at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
"There is no comparison with a gold medal. Winning back-to-back medals for your nation is good and taking a lap of the ground with your country's flag is always a wonderful feeling. But the national anthem playing when your flag goes up with you on top of the podium was missing”, Chopra said as quoted by AFP.
Pakistan’s Arshad Nadeem was the one who clinched the gold medal at the Paris Olympics 2024 with a solid throw of 92.97 metres.
"I believed that I could cover more distance," he said while reacting to Nadeem's throw in Paris.  "I leave this to God. Just prepare well, and give it a rip, the javelin will travel," he said.

#### **12. [ISL: Vinith Venkatesh Scores On Debut As Bengaluru FC Beat East Bengal FC](https://zeenews.india.com/other-sports/isl-vinith-venkatesh-scores-on-debut-as-bengaluru-fc-beat-east-bengal-fc-2793372.html)**

Bengaluru FC started their Indian Super League campaign with a 1-0 win over East Bengal with 19-year-old Vinith Venkatesh scoring in his debut match here on Saturday. Venkatesh's 25th-minute strike was the difference between the two teams. It was a fairytale ISL debut for Bengaluru FC academy graduate Venkatesh. He showed glimpses of his brilliance in the recently concluded Durand Cup and carried that momentum into the new ISL season. It was a cagey start from both sides with plenty of tackles flying in, mostly to disrupt the momentum.
Nandha Kumar was guilty of a mis-timed challenge in the third minute when he brought down Suresh Wangjam. The East Bengal FC winger received a yellow card for his reckless tackle.
Despite the caution, tackles kept flying as Lalchungnunga and later Hector Yuste also joined Nandha into the referee's book.
The first real opportunity of the game came when Jeakson Singh collected a loose ball outside the penalty area. He launched a thumping effort towards the goal, forcing Gurpreet Singh Sandhu to come up with his best to thwart away the danger.
Six minutes later, Bengaluru FC had an opportunity of their own when Roshan Singh picked Mohammed Rakip's pocket in a dangerous area, starting a counterattack. He squared the ball to Edgar Mendez in space, probably expecting a return pass from the Spaniard. But the experienced striker decided to test Prabhsukhan Gill from long range.
Mendez's eventual effort went skimming over the post.
The Blues finally went ahead courtesy of an excellent move from Mendez, who picked Venkatesh in space on the right. The youngster created space with an exceptional touch before firing the ball into the bottom corner in the 25th minute.
The second half saw more of the same aggressive football between the two teams with many challenges flying in, especially in the middle of the park. Nandha had the golden opportunity to bring East Bengal back into the game when Hijazi Maher played him into space. However, his thunderous effort from just outside the box was kept out by Gurpreet.
Carles Cuadrat decided to turn to star signing Madih Talal at the expense of Dimitrios Diamantakos in the 57th minute while Gerard Zaragoza also brought on the likes of Jorge Pereyra Diaz and Ryan Williams to inject more energy upfront.
In the 69th minute, the substitution almost paid off when Diaz found the back of the net but moments later he was flagged offside.
On the other end, substitute Vishnu PV combined well with Talal but the former's effort was too tame to trouble Gurpreet.
The visitors continued to push forward in the final quarter as Cleiton Silva found himself in space but the Brazilian's shot was way over the target.
Their hopes of salvaging something from the match took a severe hit when Lalchungnunga was given marching orders in the 87th minute following a second yellow card for a poor challenge on Williams. Eventually, East Bengal FC fell short despite creating several openings throughout the match. East Bengal FC will be on the road as they will travel to Kochi to face Kerala Blasters on September 22 whereas Bengaluru FC will host Hyderabad FC next on September 19.

#### **13. [Real Madrid Vs Real Sociedad Live Streaming: When, Where And How To Watch Kylian Mbappe In LaLiga Match Online](https://zeenews.india.com/other-sports/real-madrid-vs-real-sociedad-live-streaming-when-where-and-how-to-watch-kylian-mbappe-in-laliga-match-online-2793274.html)**

The match against Real Betis which they won with easy was the Los Blancos' last game before the upcoming international break. In their upcoming match, Carlo Ancelotti's side will play against VFB Stuttgart in the UEFA Champions League and are also ready to face Real Sociedad in their LaLiga fixture on Sunday. Kylian Mbappe's brace helped the Los Blancos clinched a crucial 2-0 victory over Real Betis at Santiago Bernabeu but now the focus is on the away fixture against Sociedad after the international break.
Checkout the live streaming details of Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad LaLiga match below:
When is the La Liga match Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad going to be played?
The La Liga match Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad will be played on Sunday (September 15) from 12:30 AM (IST) onwards. (Kylian Mbappe (Monaco To PSG) To Neymar (FC Barcelona To PSG): Most Expensive Transfers Ever In Football - In Pics)
Where is the La Liga match Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad going to be played?
The La Liga match Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad will be played at Anoeta Stadium, Spain.
Where can I watch the La Liga match Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad?
The La Liga match Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad will not telecast in India on any TV Channels.
How can I live stream the La Liga match Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad in India?
The La Liga match Real Madrid vs Real Sociedad can watched on the Galaxy Racer (GXR) website (gxr.world). The GXR has signed a 15-year contract to live stream the LaLiga matches for free, as per IndiaToday.
After his side's 2-0 win over Real Betis in La Liga, Real Madrid head coach Carlo Ancelotti said that they are excited and motivated to do better in the upcoming days. Speaking at the post match press conference, Ancelotti said that they played well in the game and dereved to win.
"We're not anxious or frustrated. We're very excited and motivated to try to do better. We deserved to win today and we played better and with more cohesion between everyone. We got the three points and we're going into the break feeling good. It's a happy day as we've taken a step forward in terms of what we want to do and what we want to be. We have to work hard, but we've got all the tools we need to do well," Ancelotti was quoted by Real Madrid's official website as saying.
The head coach added that they were a bit slower on the ball in the first half. The Italian coach further added that his side was defensively strong. (Al Nassr Vs Al Ahli Live Streaming: When, Where And How To Watch Cristiano Ronaldo's Saudi Pro League Match Online)
"I had a good feeling in the first half, although we were a bit slower on the ball, but we defended well and the team stayed in the game. We got into a better rhythm in the second half, like we normally do. We put in a good performance in the second half. We're not at our best, that will come gradually".," he added.
When questioned about about Real Madrid's new signing Mbappe's performance in the match, Ancelotti said that the French attacker was never put under pressure score goals.
"He's never been put under pressure to score goals. He had a good game, like everyone else, and was very good in the box. Everyone worked well and Vini Jr. got the penalty for him. He was very unselfish and both of them, along with Rodrygo, have a good relationship. Scoring is important for Mbappe, but we assess the team's work as a whole, which was better than in the last game," he further added.

# **Mobility**

#### **1. [IndiGo Mumbai-Doha Flight Faces Tech Issue; Passengers Wait Long Inside Plane](https://zeenews.india.com/mobility/indigo-mumbai-doha-flight-faces-tech-issue-passengers-wait-long-inside-plane-2793624.html)**

New Delhi: Passengers of an IndiGo flight from the city to Doha waited inside the aircraft for more than four hours as the flight was delayed due to a technical issue on Sunday.
Some passengers took to social media to complain about the long flight delay and that they had to wait for long. The flight was to take off on Sunday early morning.
Passengers were inside the aircraft for more than four hours before they deplaned. The flight is now expected to take off at 1945 hours from the Mumbai airport, sources in the know said.
IndiGo said its flight 6E 1303, operating from Mumbai to Doha, was delayed due to a technical reason. "The aircraft tried to depart for its destination a couple of times but had to finally be called off due to the extended time lag on account of various procedural delays," the airline said in a statement.
While apologising for the inconvenience, IndiGo said its airport team immediately provided assistance to the affected customers and provided refreshments and necessary arrangements.
On Sunday morning, a passenger on X said the flight was stuck for four hours due to a technical problem and that the immigration authority was not giving permission to offload the passengers.
The airline also said passengers are being provided hotels and are being rebooked as per their final destination, it added.

#### **2. [DGCA Orders Special Safety Audits Of FTOs To Ensure Compliance, Enhance Safety Standards](https://zeenews.india.com/mobility/dgca-orders-special-safety-audits-of-ftos-to-ensure-compliance-enhance-safety-standards-2792576.html)**

The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has initiated a comprehensive Special Safety Audit of all Flying Training Organisations (FTOs) across India on Thursday. The audit aims to thoroughly assess the safety standards, operational procedures, and systemic deficiencies within flying training organisations to ensure the highest levels of safety and compliance.
The audit will be conducted in three phases from September to November, 2024, covering a total of 33 FTOs. Phase 1 of the audit will cover 11 FTOs and will be conducted in September 2024. The last such special audit was conducted in 2022. This initiative follows a series of recent training aircraft incidents that have sparked concerns regarding the compliance of the training organisations with respect to the established aviation regulations and safety protocols.
The special audit will scrutinise each FTO's adherence to DGCA's regulatory standards, including aircraft maintenance, airworthiness, and training operations. This safety audit will be focusing on various facets of an FTO's operations, such as training curriculum, flying training imparted to student pilots, and the overall supervision and assessment mechanisms employed by FTOs to ensure that trainees meet the required standards of proficiency before being certified to fly independently.
The audit, among other aspects, will also take a close look at the operational oversight and maintenance protocols of the aircraft used for training purposes to ensure that all training aircraft are maintained to the highest standards, with no compromises on safety.
A special safety audit aims to enforce corrective measures where necessary, enhancing the overall safety and effectiveness of flight training in India. On August 20, a training aircraft in Jamshedpur went missing after it took off from the Sonari airport.
As per information from the officials, search operations had been launched in the Saraikela district after the training aircraft went missing after it took off from the Sonari airport.
The neighbouring district of Purulia in West Bengal had also been informed and search operations were immediately launched by the Jamshedpur administration.

#### **3. [India-China Direct Flights To Resume Soon? Here's What Aviation Minister Says](https://zeenews.india.com/mobility/india-china-direct-flights-to-resume-soon-heres-what-aviation-minister-says-2792413.html)**

Direct Flights Between India & China: Union Civil Aviation Minister K Rammohan Naidu on Thursday took to social media platform X to say India and China discussed ways to strengthen cooperation in the civil aviation sector but deleted the post hours later without offering an explanation or a revised post.
Naidu, Civil Aviation Secretary Vumlunmang Vualnam and other senior officials met with the representatives from China on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Ministerial Conference on Civil Aviation in the national capital.
In a post on X, Naidu said he along with senior officials had a courtesy meeting with a Chinese delegation led by Song Zhiyong.
The meeting focused on exchange of views regarding "further strengthening civil aviation cooperation between the two countries, especially promoting early resumption of scheduled passenger flights between us," the minister said in the post.
However, the post was deleted a few hours later.
Earlier, before the post was deleted, Naidu told reporters that the Chinese side mentioned about resumption of direct flights but no decision has been taken. A decision will be taken after discussions with the external affairs ministry and other stakeholders, he added.
Currently, there are no direct  between India and China. The services stopped at the time of coronavirus pandemic.
IndiGo and Air India had flight services to China.

#### **4. [Exam Special Trains: 12 Extra Trains To Run For THESE Candidates - Check Full Schedule](https://zeenews.india.com/mobility/exam-special-trains-12-extra-trains-to-run-for-these-candidates-check-full-schedule-2792038.html)**

Exam Special Trains To Help Candidates In Assam: The Northeast Frontier Railway has decided to operate 12 examination special trains to help candidates appearing for Gr. III & IV examinations that are scheduled on September 15, 2024, in Assam. Also, it has been decided to extend the services of two pairs of regular trains to clear the extra rush of candidates appearing for Gr. III & IV examination, N.F. Railway stated in an official statement.
These trains will operate as per the following details: 
Train No. 05157 (Alipurduar - Guwahati) will depart from Alipurduar at 17:00 hours on September 14, to reach Guwahati at 04:55 hours on the next day. In the return direction, train no. 05158 (Guwahati - Alipurduar) will depart from Guwahati at 20:00 hours on September 15 to reach Alipurduar at 07:30 hours on the next day.
Train No. 05159 (Alipurduar - Bongaigaon) will depart from Alipurduar at 18:00 hours on September 14 to reach Bongaigaon at 01:00 hours on the next day. In the return direction, train no. 05160 (Bongaigaon - Alipurduar) will depart from Bongaigaon at 18:00 hours on September 15 to reach Alipurduar at 01:45 hours on the next day.
Train No. 05161 (Mariani - Narangi) will depart from Mariani at 16:00 hours on September 14 to reach Narangi at 04:55 hours on the next day. In the return direction, train no. 05162 (Narangi - Mariani) will depart from Narangi at 20:25 hours on September 15 to reach Mariani at 09:00 hours on the next day.
Train No. 05175 (Haibargaon - Guwahati) will depart from Haibargaon at 23:30 hours on September 14 to reach Guwahati at 04:00 hours on the next day. In the return direction, train no. 05176 (Guwahati - Haibargaon) will depart from Guwahati at 19:05 hours on September 15 to reach Haibargaon at 23:15 hours on the same day.
Train No. 05179 (Karimganj - Silchar) will depart from Karimganj at 20:00 hours on September 14 to reach Silchar at 22:30 hours on the same day. In the return direction, train No. 05180 (Silchar - Karimganj) will depart from Silchar at 00:05 hours on September 15 to reach Karimganj at 02:40 hours on the same day.
Train No. 05181 (Karimganj - Silchar) will depart from Karimganj at 04:00 hours on September 15 to reach Silchar at 06:40 hours on the same day. In the return direction, train No. 05182 (Silchar - Karimganj) will depart from Silchar at 21:00 hours on September 15 to reach Karimganj at 23:40 hours on the same day.
Train No. 05183 (Dibrugarh - Ledo) will depart from Dibrugarh at 18:00 hours on September 14 and 15 to reach Ledo at 22:00 hours respectively on the same day. In the return direction, train No. 05184 (Ledo - Dibrugarh) will depart from Ledo at 04:00 hours on September 15 and 16 to reach Dibrugarh at 08:00 hours respectively on the same day.
Train No. 05185 (Jamira - Silchar) will depart from Jamira at 21:00 hours on September 14 and 15 to reach Silchar at 00:10 hours respectively on the next day. In the return direction, train No. 05186 (Silchar - Jamira) will depart from Silchar at 01:00 hours on September 15 and 16 to reach Jamira at 04:00 hours respectively on the same day.
Train No. 05177 (Jamira - Silchar) will depart from Jamira at 10:00 hours on September 14 to reach Silchar at 13:10 hours on the same day. In the return direction, train No. 05178 (Silchar - Jamira) will depart from Silchar at 14:00 hours on September 14 to reach Jamira at 17:10 hours on the same day.
Train No. 05197 (Jamira - Silchar) will depart from Jamira at 18:00 hours on September 14 to reach Silchar at 21:15 hours on the same day. In the return direction, train No. 05198 (Silchar - Jamira) will depart from Silchar at 22:00 hours on September 14 to reach Jamira at 01:10 hours on the next day.
Train No. 05103 (Jamira - Silchar) will depart from Jamira at 03:00 hours on September 15 to reach Silchar at 06:15 hours on the same day. In the return direction, train No. 05104 (Silchar - Jamira) will depart from Silchar at 18:00 hours on September 15 to reach Jamira at 21:10 hours on the same day.
Train No. 05187 (Murkongselek - Kamakhya) will depart from Murkongselek at 14:30 hours on September 14 to reach Kamakhya at 05:00 hours on the next day. In the return direction, train no. 05188 (Kamakhya - Murkongselek) will depart from Kamakhya at 19:45 hours on September 15 to reach Murkongselek at 10:30 hours on the next day.
The Northeast Frontier Railway has also extended the service of several trains that are as follows: 
Train No. 15703/15704 (New Jalpaiguri - Bongaigaon - New Jalpaiguri) Express will be extended upto Kamakhya and train No. 05801/05802 (New Bongaigaon - Guwahati - New Bongaigaon) Passenger will be extended upto Kokrajhar, commencing journey from September 14 to 16, 2024.
Train No. 15703 (New Jalpaiguri - Kamakhya) will depart from Bongaigaon at 17:10 hours on September 14 and 15 to reach Kamakhya at 22:00 hours respectively on the same day. In the return direction, train no. 15704 (Kamakhya - New Jalpaiguri) will depart from Kamakhya at 00:05 hours on September 15 and 16 to reach Bongaigaon at 04:30 hours respectively on the same day.
Train No. 05802 (Guwahati- Kokrajhar) will depart from New Bongaigaon at 22:30 hours on September 14 and 15 to reach Kokrajhar at 23:45 hours respectively on the same day. In the return direction, train no. 05801 (Kokrajhar - Guwahati) will depart from Kokrajhar at 02:00 hours on September 15 and 16 to reach New Bongaigaon at 03:00 hours respectively on the same day.

#### **5. [Good News For Mumbaikars: Northbound Vehicles On Coastal Road Can Directly Enter Bandra-Worli Sea Link From Friday - Details](https://zeenews.india.com/mobility/good-news-for-mumbaikars-northbound-vehicles-on-coastal-road-can-directly-enter-bandra-worli-sea-link-from-friday-details-2792022.html)**

Coastal Road To Bandra-Worli Sea Link Connectivity: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation announced on Wednesday that the northbound vehicles on the Coastal Road can directly enter the Bandra-Worli Sea Link from Friday. BMC officials said that Chief Minister Eknath Shinde and his deputies Devendra Fadnavis and Ajit Pawar will inspect the new connection between the Coastal Road and the sea link on Thursday afternoon before it is opened for vehicular traffic the next day.
A senior civic official said that northbound vehicles heading to Bandra from South Mumbai via the Coastal Road can directly enter the sea link between 7 am and 11 pm, while the southbound vehicles will have to take the existing route till both arms of the Coastal Road are connected with the sea link.
The Coastal Road, estimated to cost about Rs 14,000 crore, will provide a direct connection with the Bandra-Worli Sea Link, reducing travel time between south Mumbai and suburbs and improving the overall commuting experience. The Coastal Road is being made operational in phases.
Its southbound arm opened from Worli to Marine Drive on March 11. The northbound carriageway was opened from Marine Drive only till Haji Ali on June 10 followed by the stretch from Haji Ali to Worli on July 11. This will be the fourth such opening on the road.
The Coastal Road now allows motorists to reach from Marine Drive to Worli in less than 15 minutes but in the absence of a direct link with the Bandra Worli Sea Link, traffic piles near the Worli exit during rush hours.
The construction of the ambitious 10.58-km-long project started in October 2018.

#### **6. [Ensure No Outsiders Mislead Villagers About Land Acquisition For Noida Airport: CM Adityanath](https://zeenews.india.com/mobility/ensure-no-outsiders-mislead-villagers-about-land-acquisition-for-noida-airport-cm-adityanath-2791717.html)**

Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath conducted a site inspection of the Noida International Airport, currently under construction in Jewar, on Tuesday as he sought to address issues related to land acquisition for the mega project. He also directed officials to ensure that "no outsiders mislead the villagers" about the land acquisition process.
The chief minister closely examined the ongoing work and issued essential directives to ensure timely completion. After that, he held a comprehensive review meeting with district administration, local authorities, and officials of the company constructing the airport.
The airport, whose foundation stone was laid in November 2021, was initially expected to commence operations by the end of September this year after completion of first phase. However, in June, its developer said the flights can be expected around April 2025.
The first phase of the greenfield airport will be spread over 1,300 hectares while eventually the plan is to cover an area of more than 5,000 hectares in four phases, becoming the largest airport in the country, according to project officials.
"The CM emphasized the importance of maintaining high-quality standards while adhering to the established timeline for the airport's completion. He also instructed that any issues arising during construction should be promptly communicated to the state government for resolution," said an official statement.
"During the meeting, he addressed issues related to land acquisition for the airport. He asked senior district officials and public representatives to speak with villagers who are facing difficulties with land acquisition and to resolve their issues peacefully," the statement said.
He also emphasised that "officials should ensure that no outsiders mislead the villagers about the land acquisition process".
"Additionally, the chief minister suggested that officials use the expertise of the Uttar Pradesh Expressways Industrial Development Authority (UPEIDA) to help with acquiring the land needed for the airport," the statement said.
The CM emphasised the importance of ensuring strong connectivity to the Noida International Airport. He called for the creation of an action plan to complete the work on rail, metro, and other transport facilities that will serve the airport.
"Adityanath stated that these transportation links should be ready by the time the airport is completed, ensuring seamless travel for passengers. Additionally, he highlighted the need for multi-level parking facilities at the airport to avoid any inconvenience for passengers," the statement added.
During the review meeting, Gautam Buddh Nagar MP Mahesh Sharma, UP Chief Secretary Manoj Kumar Singh, District Magistrate Manish Kumar Verma, Industrial Development Minister Nand Gopal Gupta, Jewar MLA Dhirendra Singh, and officials of the companies constructing the Noida airport were present.
Airport officials recently said most of the work of the runway is complete.
In the first phase, the airport will have one terminal, one runway, 10 aerobridges and 25 parking stands. Among others, check-in kiosks, self-service bag drops, and e-gates are being tested.
According to officials, the airport is being developed in four phases by the Switzerland-based concessionaire Zurich International Airport AG's special purpose vehicle Yamuna International Airport Private Limited (YIAPL).
YIAPL CEO Christoph Schnellmann earlier told that there was a large interest from domestic and international carriers for the airport.
Once all four phases are completed, the airport will have a capacity to handle 70 million passengers per year. The concession period for the airport that commenced on October 1, 2021, will run for 40 years.

# **Technology**

#### **1. [Apple To Offer Refund For iPhone 15 And iPhone 14 Buyers: Are You Eligible? Here's How To Claim   ](https://zeenews.india.com/technology/iphone-15-and-iphone-14-refund-india-apple-return-policy-india-2793581.html)**

Apple Return Policy India: Apple has launched the latest iPhone 16 series which includes iPhone 16, iPhone 16 Plus, iPhone 16 Pro, and iPhone 16 Pro Max models globally including in India. 
Moreover, Apple has slashed the prices of some of its older models, including the iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 14, and iPhone 14 Plus, by Rs 10,000 after the announcement of the iPhone 16 series.
On the other hand, If you purchased an iPhone 15 or iPhone 14 models just before the launch then you might have reason to smile. The Cupertino-based tech giant is offering a unique opportunity for eligible buyers to receive a refund on their recent purchase under Apple's "price protection” policy. 
Apple's 'Price Protection' Policy  
This policy offers customers who recently bought an iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 14, or iPhone 14 Plus the opportunity to receive a refund or credit due to the recent price drop. To avail of this refund, customers must have purchased their device within 14 days of the price reduction announcement and will be eligible for a refund of Rs 10,000.
iPhone 15 And iPhone 14 Buyers Can Claim Refund 
Step 1: Ensure your purchase was made within the past 14 days, as refunds or credits do not apply to special sales events or limited-time price reductions.
Step 2: Locate your original receipt, as it is required for the refund or credit process.
Step 3: Visit an Apple Store with your receipt, or call Apple’s customer support at 000800 040 1966.
Step 4: Provide your receipt and purchase details to the Apple Store staff or customer support representative.
Step 6: Wait for confirmation of your refund or credit once your request is processed.

#### **2. [Realme Pad 2 Lite Tablet Launched In India With AI Eye Protection Under Rs 20,000; Check Specs ](https://zeenews.india.com/technology/realme-pad-2-lite-india-launch-on-flipkart-with-ai-eye-protection-under-rs-20000-check-specs-2793479.html)**

Realme Pad 2 Lite India Launch: Realme has launched the Realme Pad 2 Lite tablet in India alongside the new budget-friendly Realme P2 Pro smartphone. The new device is offered in 4GB+128GB and 8GB+128GB storage models. 
The tablet comes in Nebula Purple and Space Grey colour options. However, the company hasn't announced any official sale date for the Realme Pad 2 Lite tablet in the country. Notably, it runs on Realme UI 5.0.
Realme Pad 2 Lite Tablet Price And Availability
The tablet is priced at Rs 14,999 for the 4GB+128GB base model. Meanwhile, the 8GB+128GB variant carries a price tag of Rs 16,999. For consumers, the Realme tablet will soon be available via the company’s official website, Flipkart. 
Realme Pad 2 Lite Tablet Specifications
The tablet houses a 10.95-inch screen like the Realme Pad X. It also offers a 2K resolution, a 90Hz refresh rate, and 450 nits of peak brightness. The display is optimized for eye comfort, featuring modes such as AI Eye Protection, Reading Mode, and Sunlight Mode. Moreover, the high resolution ensures smooth visuals whether browsing the web, watching videos, or playing games.   
The device is equipped with the MediaTek Helio G99 processor. It is powered by an 8,300mAh battery, similar to the Realme Pad X, and includes 15W wired charging support.  
On the Optics front, there is an 8MP AI main camera. There is a 5MP sensor on the front for selfies and video chats. The Realme Pad 2 Lite tablet also comes with quad stereo speakers with OReality Audio, a side-mounted fingerprint sensor, Bluetooth v5.3 connectivity, USB Type-C, and more.

#### **3. [Google Gemini Live Now Free For All Android Users For Free; Here's How To Access ](https://zeenews.india.com/technology/google-gemini-live-now-free-for-all-android-users-for-free-heres-how-to-access-2793166.html)**

Gemini Live Free: Tech giant Google is rolling out its Gemini Live AI-powered assistant to all Android users for free. This AI-powered assistant allows users to have natural conversations with the chatbot on their phone. Earlier, Gemini Live was exclusively available to users with a Gemini Advanced subscription, priced at Rs 1,950 per month following a one-month free trial. 
This subscription also grants access to Gemini 1.5 Pro, Google's most advanced AI model. Google introduced the assistant with the Google Pixel 9 series last month with several new AI features which include the Pixel Studio, enhanced Magic Eraser, and Gemini Live. Notably, this new AI-powered assistant or Google Live chatbot was only available to Gemini Advanced subscribers. 
Gemini Live AI Availability 
The free version of the Gemini Live chatbot is currently available only for Android users through the Gemini app and exclusively in English. iPhone users, who can access Gemini Live via the Google app on iOS, are not able to use the free version at this time. 
Android users eager to try Gemini Live without subscribing can explore the free version once it's released. Google is also expected to introduce the free version of Gemini Live in additional languages and expand its availability to other platforms, including iOS.
How To Access Gemini Live  
Step 1: Open the Gemini app on your phone and locate the new feature by tapping on the "new circular waveform with a sparkle icon" in the bottom right corner of the app or overlay.
Step 2: After tapping the icon, a fullscreen window will appear, displaying "Hold" and "End" buttons at the bottom of the screen.
Step 3: Users Interact with Gemini by holding the "Hold" button to engage in a conversation.  
Step 4: If needed, exit the fullscreen interface to multitask and continue using your phone while the conversation with Gemini remains active. 
Step 5: To end the session, tap on the notification or simply say "Stop" to disable Gemini Live. 
What Gemini Live Subscription Model Offers 
The subscription model includes Gemini support for Google services such as Gmail and Docs, along with Python code access for developers, and offers priority access to new features. 
With Gemini Advanced, users get 2TB of Google One storage, which can be utilized across Gmail, Google Drive, and Google Photos. This storage also serves as a backup for devices, functioning similarly to other Google One plans.

#### **4. [Samsung Galaxy A15 Smartphone Gets Massive Discount On THIS Platform; Check Specs, New Price  ](https://zeenews.india.com/technology/samsung-galaxy-a15-5g-price-in-india-amazon-specs-price-2793087.html)**

Samsung Galaxy A15 5G Price In India: Samsung launched the Galaxy A15 smartphone in the Indian market. Now, there's good news for smartphone users. The South Korean giant has slashed the price of the Samsung Galaxy A15 smartphone in the country. The price of the smartphone has been reduced by Rs 2,500 for Indian consumers, months after its launch.
It is offered in 6GB RAM + 128GB, 8GB RAM + 128GB, and 8GB RAM + 256GB storage variants and comes in Black, Blue, and Light Blue colour options.
Samsung Galaxy A15 Price And Availability
The smartphone is priced at Rs 17,999 for the 6GB RAM + 128GB variant. Meanwhile, the 8GB RAM + 128GB storage model is priced at Rs 19,499, and the 8GB RAM + 256GB variant costs Rs 22,499. After applying a discount of Rs 2,500, the prices for these models come down to Rs 15,499, Rs 16,999, and Rs 19,999, respectively.
Notably, the Galaxy A15 5G smartphone will be available at a discounted price on Amazon, but the e-commerce platform highlights it as a "limited-time offer." 
Samsung Galaxy A15 5G Display:
The smartphone houses a 6.5-inch FHD+ Super AMOLED display with an Infinity U design, providing a smooth visual experience with a 90Hz refresh rate and 800 nits of peak brightness. 
Samsung Galaxy A15 5G OS:
The device runs on the Samsung One UI 5, based on Android 13, ensuring a seamless and feature-rich user interface.
Samsung Galaxy A15 5G Battery:
The smartphone is powered by a 5,000mAh battery with 25W fast charging support.
Samsung Galaxy A15 5G Chipset:
The smartphone features an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ chipset, delivering efficient performance.
Samsung Galaxy A15 5G Camera:
It packs a 50-megapixel primary camera, accompanied by a 5-megapixel secondary sensor and a 2-megapixel shooter. For selfies and video calls, a 13-megapixel front camera is available.
Samsung Galaxy A15 5G Connectivity:
The device features 5G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, a 3.5mm headphone jack, and a USB Type-C port. 
Samsung Galaxy A15 5G Sensors:
The phone is equipped with various sensors, including accelerometers, a gyro sensor, a geomagnetic sensor, a light sensor, and a virtual proximity sensor, along with a fingerprint sensor for secure authentication.

#### **5. [Infinix Xpad Tablet Launched In India With ChatGPT-Backed Voice Assistant Under Rs 15,000; Check Specs, Price   ](https://zeenews.india.com/technology/infinix-xpad-tablet-launched-in-india-with-chatgpt-backed-voice-assistant-under-rs-15000-check-specs-price-2793060.html)**

Infinix Xpad India Launch: Infinix has launched the Infinix Xpad tablet in the Indian market. The newly-launched tablet supports Wi-Fi as well as 4G LTE connectivity and ships with Android 14-based XOS 14. The  Infinix Xpad is available in Titan Gold, Frost Blue, and Stellar Grey colour options and comes in 4GB+128GB and 8GB+256GB storage options. 
Notably, the tablet comes with support for a ChatGPT-backed voice assistant called Folax and is equipped with a quad-speaker unit. 
Infinix Xpad Tablet Price And Availability: 
The tablet is priced at Rs 10,999 for the base 4GB RAM+128GB model, while the 8GB+256GB variant carries a price tag of Rs 13,999. The first sale of the Infinix XPAD will start on September 26 at 12pm via Flipkart. 
Salary se badi screen wala XPAD (WiFi + LTE) is here.
Infinix XPAD with 11” FHD+ display and Quad speakers is launching today.
Starting from 10,999*
Sale starts 26th Sept https://t.co/BU6Jx493ZI#InfinixXPAD pic.twitter.com/RxYjqv0jgi
— Infinix India (@InfinixIndia) September 13, 2024
Infinix Xpad Tablet Specifications: 
The tablet houses an 11-inch LCD FHD+ display with a 90Hz refresh rate and a 120Hz touch sampling rate. It is powered by the MediaTek Helio G99 chipset paired with ARM G57 MC2. 
The tablet is equipped with a 7,000mAh battery with support for 18W wired charging via a USB Type-C port. On the optics front, the Infinix Xpad comes with an  8-megapixel rear camera sensor alongside an LED flash. 
For selfies and video chats, there is an 8-megapixel front camera sensor with a flash unit as well. For connectivity, the device supports 4G LTE, Wi-FI, Bluetooth, OTG, and a 3.5mm audio jack. 
It measures 257.04 x 168.62 x 7.58mm in size and weighs 496g.

#### **6. [Realme P2 Pro 5G Launched With 120Hz Curved AMOLED Display: Check Price, Specs, And Offers](https://zeenews.india.com/technology/realme-p2-pro-5g-launched-with-120hz-curved-amoled-display-check-price-specs-and-offers-2792841.html)**

New Delhi: Realme has officially launched the much-anticipated successor to the Realme P1 Pro in India. The phone offers an GT Mode for a better gaming experience and comes with an IP65 water and dust resistance rating, is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset and supports 80W fast charging for quick power-ups.
Realme P2 Pro 5G Specifications:
- 6.7-inch Full HD+ curved AMOLED display with 120 Hz refresh rate
- Peak brightness of 2,000 nits with Corning Gorilla Glass 7i protection
- Powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset with Adreno 710 GPU
- Up to 12GB RAM and 512GB UFS 3.1 storage
- Runs on Android 14-based Realme UI 5
- 5,200 mAh battery with 80W fast charging
Realme P2 Pro 5G Price in India
The Realme P2 Pro starts at Rs 21,999 for the base model with 8GB RAM and 128GB storage. The 12GB RAM with 256GB storage variant is priced at Rs 24,999, while the top variant with 512GB storage is available for Rs 27,999.
The smartphone will be available from September 17 on realme.com, Flipkart, and in offline stores. Customers can also enjoy a Rs 2,000 coupon discount along with an additional Rs 1,000 bank discount on the mid and top variants.
Realme P2 Pro 5G: Camera and Connectivity Features
The Realme P2 Pro 5G is equipped with a 50MP primary camera featuring Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) for sharper photos, alongside an 8MP ultra-wide lens for capturing broader scenes. For selfies, it offers a high-quality 32MP front camera.
The phone is also IP65 certified, providing dust and water resistance. In terms of connectivity, it supports 5G, Dual 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 6 (2.4GHz + 5GHz), Bluetooth 5.2, and comes with a USB Type-C port for fast charging and data transfer.

# **Lifestyle**

#### **1. [Ganesh Visarjan 2024: Know All About Traditions, Rituals, Prayers And Visarjan](https://zeenews.india.com/culture/ganesh-visarjan-2024-know-all-about-traditions-rituals-prayers-and-visarjan-2793786.html)**

Ganesh Chaturthi, also known as Vinayaka Chaturthi, is a revered Hindu festival that commemorates the birth of Lord Ganesha, the elephant-headed God of wisdom and prosperity. Celebrated with immense zeal across India, this festival holds cultural, social, and religious significance. 
The festivities commence with the creation of elaborately crafted clay idols, followed by prayers, rituals, and grand processions. Each tradition and custom associated with Ganesh Chaturthi carries a unique symbolic meaning, fostering a sense of unity and devotion among communities.
Ganesh Chaturthi Traditions and Customs
1. Idol Creation and Installation
Artisans sculpt clay idols of Lord Ganesha, emphasizing creativity and craftsmanship. The installation of these idols in homes and pandals marks the commencement of the celebrations.
2. Prayers and Offerings
Devotees perform special prayers, offering modakas (sweets), fruits, and flowers to Lord Ganesha, seeking his blessings for wisdom, prosperity, and the removal of obstacles.
3. Poojas and Aartis
Elaborate ceremonies and aartis (rituals) are conducted, accompanied by the chanting of sacred hymns and mantras, creating an atmosphere of spirituality and devotion.
4. Modak: The Divine Sweet
Modak, a sweet dumpling, holds special significance as Lord Ganesha's favorite food. Its preparation and distribution symbolize the indulgence of the deity.
5. Visarjan: Farewell to Ganesha
On the final day, a grand procession accompanies the immersion (visarjan) of the idols into rivers or seas, bidding an emotional farewell to Lord Ganesha, with a promise of his return.
Ganesh Chaturthi, a beloved festival, embraces diverse traditions and customs. From the artistic creation of idols to heartfelt prayers and elaborate ceremonies, each ritual carries deep symbolism. 
Devotees seek Lord Ganesha's blessings for a prosperous life, showcasing their love through the offering of modak, his favorite sweet. The festival culminates with a poignant visarjan, symbolizing the cyclical nature of life. 
Ganesh Chaturthi not only honors the birth of Lord Ganesha but also exemplifies the unity and devotion within the community as they come together to celebrate this joyous occasion.
(This article is intended for your general information only. Zee News does not vouch for its accuracy or reliability.)

#### **2. [Ganesh Chaturthi 2024: Salman Khan, Sister Arpita Attend Maharashtra CM Eknath Shinde's Ganpati Puja At His Residence](https://zeenews.india.com/people/ganesh-chaturthi-2024-salman-khan-sister-arpita-attend-maharashtra-cm-eknath-shindes-ganpati-puja-at-his-residence-2793738.html)**

Mumbai: Bollywood superstar Salman Khan visited Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde's home with his sister Arpita for Ganpati darshan. Eknath Shinde took to his Instagram handle and shared a series of pictures from the Ganesh Chaturthi celebration.
Some of the pictures featured Salman Khan and his sister Arpita Khan taking part in Ganpati puja. Salman stole everyone's attention with his casual look. Eknath Shinde offered Salman a bouquet of flowers and a colourful shawl.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Eknath Shinde - एकनाथ शिंदे (@mieknathshinde)
Shinde's son and MP Dr Srikant Shinde and more were also present. This year also, Salman welcomed Lord Ganesha into his home for Ganesh Chaturthi.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Eknath Shinde - एकनाथ शिंदे (@mieknathshinde)
Earlier, Salman shared a video of the Ganesh Visarjan, where the family bid farewell to Bappa on his Instagram handle. In the video, Salman was seen dancing with his family during the Visarjan, as he fully enjoyed the moment. He also performed the final aarti and whispered prayers into Lord Ganesha's ears, a tradition followed by many devotees.
Salman's sister Arpita Khan Sharma and her husband Ayush Sharma were also seen in the video, dancing with their kids with full energy.
Other family members, including Sohail Khan's sons Nirvaan and Yohan, Arbaaz Khan's son Arhaan, Alvira Agnihotri, her daughter Alizeh, and her son Ayaan, were also seen joining in the festivities, dancing their hearts out during the Visarjan.
Along with the video, the actor also added a caption that read, "Happy Ganesh Chaturthi."
On September 7, Salman Khan arrived at the Ambani family's grand residence, Antilia, to join the Ganesh Chaturthi festivities. The actor made a stylish appearance in a dapper brown shirt.
Talking about the joyous festival, Ganesh Chaturthi is a 10-day festival that commenced on September 7 and will continue until Anantha Chaturdashi. This festival is also known as Vinayak Chaturthi or Vinayak Chavithi. During Ganesh Chaturthi, Lord Ganesha is worshipped as the god of new beginnings and the remover of obstacles. Devotees across India and abroad celebrated Lord Ganesha's wisdom and intelligence.
Devotees welcomed Ganesh idols into their homes, offered prayers, and visited the colourful pandals. The streets were filled with the sounds of devotion and joy as people came together to celebrate the festival with enthusiasm and heart. The colourful decorations, lively chants, and the fragrance of sweets added to the festive spirit that could be felt everywhere.
Meanwhile, on the work front, Salman will be seen headlining 'Sikandar'.
'Sikandar' marks the reunion of Salman Khan and Sajid Nadiadwala after their previous successful collaborations 'Kick', 'Judwaa', and 'Mujhse Shaadi Karogi'.
Directed by A.R. Murugadoss, the film is set to release next Eid. Recently, Salman shared a picture from the sets of the 'Sikandar'. In the picture, Salman is wearing a light blue shirt and smiling at a screen nearby.
Film producer Sajid Nadiadwala and director Murugadoss can be seen sharing a laugh with him.
"Looking forward to #Eid2025 with team #Sikandar #SajidNadiadwala's #SikandarDirected by @a.r.murugadoss Releasing in cinemas EID 2025," he captioned the post.
In May 2024, the production house officially announced the news on its social media handles that Rashmika Mandanna is part of the film.
"Welcoming the fabulous @rashmika_mandanna to star opposite @beingsalmankhan in #Sikandar! Can't wait for their on-screen magic to unfold on EID 2025!," the post read.
Rashmika also took to her Instagram Stories to post, "You guys for a long time have been asking me for the next update, and here it is. Surprise!! I'm truly grateful and honoured to be a part of Sikandar." (ANI)

#### **3. [At Kapoor's Ganesh Chaturthi 2024 Celebration, Raha Sits On Daddy Ranbir Kapoor's Lap And Steals The Show ](https://zeenews.india.com/people/at-kapoors-ganesh-chaturthi-2024-celebration-raha-sits-on-daddy-ranbir-kapoors-lap-and-steals-the-show-2793737.html)**

Mumbai: Whenever the Kapoors get together, they make sure to steal the spotlight. And their latest Ganesh Chaturthi celebration is a proof. On Sunday, Ranbir Kapoor with his daughter Raha, Kareena Kapoor Khan and other family members gathered for the joyous occasion.
Karisma Kapoor took to her Instagram handle and treated fans with a series of pictures from her Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations with family.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Karisma Kapoor (@therealkarismakapoor)
The first picture captures the Kapoor clan including Karisma, Kareena with her little munchkins- Taimur and Jeh, Ranbir with daughter Raha, Randhir Kapoor, Babita Kapoor, Reema Kapoor, Aadar Jain with fiance Alekha Advani and others happily posed for a family picture.
One of the photos that caught netizens attention, where Ranbir cutely admires Raha, who can be seen sitting on his lap in a cute green ethnic dress.
Kareena and Saif Ali Khan's sons were twinning in blue kurtas and white pyjamas for the occasion.
Earlier this week, Ranbir Kapoor and his mother, Neetu Kapoor, were spotted performing the Ganpati Visarjan for their family's Ganpati idol. The mother-son duo came together to celebrate the special occasion during the Ganesh Chaturthi festival.
Ganesh Chaturthi is a 10-day festival that commenced on September 7 and will continue until Anantha Chaturdashi. This festival is also known as Vinayak Chaturthi or Vinayak Chavithi. During Ganesh Chaturthi, Lord Ganesha is worshipped as the god of new beginnings and the remover of obstacles. Devotees across India and abroad celebrated Lord Ganesha's wisdom and intelligence.
Devotees welcomed Ganesh idols into their homes, offered prayers, and visited the colourful pandals. The streets were filled with the sounds of devotion and joy as people came together to celebrate the festival with enthusiasm and heart. The colourful decorations, lively chants, and the fragrance of sweets added to the festive spirit that could be felt everywhere.
On the work front, Ranbir was last seen in Animal alongside Triptii Dimri and Rashmika Mandanna. The actor also has the sequel of Animal, titled Animal Park. Apart from this, he has Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Love And War alongside Alia Bhatt and Vicky Kaushal.
Karisma, on the other hand, will be seen headlining 'Brown' series, which also stars Helen and Soni Razdan.

#### **4. [Ganesh Chaturthi 2024: Vivek Oberoi Offers 66 Carat Lab-Grown Diamond Tilak To Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati](https://zeenews.india.com/people/ganesh-chaturthi-2024-vivek-oberoi-offers-66-carat-lab-grown-diamond-tilak-to-shrimant-dagdusheth-halwai-ganpati-2793728.html)**

New Delhi:  On the auspicious occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi, which began this year on September 7, Bollywood actor and co-founder of Solitario Lab-Grown Diamonds, Vivek Oberoi, presented a 66-carat tilak, complete with 68 lab-grown diamonds to Shrimant Dagdusheth Ganpati - the most Ganesh Mandal in Pune.
The festival of Ganesh Chaturthi or Vinayaka Chaturthi holds greater significance in Maharashtra and is celebrated as one of the major festivals in the state and is a 10-day affair. The actor took to his social media handle and shared the post reading: A Divine Offering for Bappa! As a token of our devotion, @solitariodiamonds proudly presents a breathtaking 66-carat lab-grown diamond Tilak to Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati this Ganeshotsav. There is nothing more sacred and blessed as the moment @rickyhvasandani and I performed the Maha-Aarti and seeked Bappa’s blessings.
From our humble beginnings as a single lab-grown diamond jewelry store in Pune, we are now in 21 cities across 7 countries, all thanks to the grace of #Bappa.
Special thanks to @varoinmarwah @varoinmarwahhomme for this special outfit ओम गण गणपतये नमो नमः। 
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Vivek Oberoi (@vivekoberoi)
This ceremonial offering, held during the Ganpati Aarti, commemorated the 133-year legacy of the Ganpati Mandal and marks the beginning of Solitario's 'Bling Better' India Tour this September. 
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by Solitario (@solitariodiamonds)
Vivek Oberoi, accompanied by Ricky Vasandani, CEO and Co-Founder of Solitario Lab-Grown Diamonds, sought Bappa’s blessings during the Aarti. Speaking on the occasion, Vivek Oberoi said, "We started with humble beginnings in Pune, and have now scaled to over 7 countries and 21 cities across the globe, which could not have been possible without Bappa’s grace. As Solitario continues on its path of growth, we seek Bappa’s blessings again to help us reach newer heights."
Solitario Lab-Grown Diamonds which was one of the first jewellery brands from India to be featured on the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, has established itself as a leader in the eco-friendly, conflict-free diamond industry. 
As part of the tour, Vivek Oberoi and Solitario will host a Diamond Party at Phoenix Marketcity, Bangalore, followed by a Diamonds and Denim Party at Phoenix Palladium in Chennai.
During Ganeshotsav, huge Ganpati pandals are decked up and devotees throng them in huge numbers, seeking his blessings.

#### **5. [Happy Vishwakarma Puja 2024: Best Wishes, Images, Messages, And Greetings To Share With Your Loved Ones](https://zeenews.india.com/culture/happy-vishwakarma-puja-2024-best-wishes-images-messages-and-greetings-to-share-with-your-loved-ones-2793743.html)**

Vishwakarma Puja falls on September 16, Monday, this year. The festival is dedicated to Lord Vishwakarma, considered the creator of the world. Devotees often refer to him as the divine engineer of the world and celebrate his birth on Kanya Sankranti as per the Hindu calendar. It is believed that Lord Vishwakarma was born out of Samudra Manthan along with other precious things. Vishwakarma due to this divine skill is worshipped by all craftsmen, architects and office workers. If you and your loved ones are marking Vishwakarma Puja this year, check out these best wishes, images, messages, quotes and greetings to make the festival extra special.
Vishwakarma Puja 2024 Wishes, Messages and Greetings
1. Here's paying a humble tribute to the architect of Gods and the God of all the skills. Happy and blessed Vishwakarma Puja to you and your loved ones.
2. May you be blessed with success and growth in all your endeavours. A very Happy Vishwakarma Puja to you.
3. May Lord Vishwakarma shower you with his blessings, and may you succeed in all your endeavours. Happy Vishwakarma Puja to you and everyone at home.
4. May the architect of the Gods shower you and your family with his choicest blessings. A very Happy Vishwakarma Puja to you and your family.
5. May you be blessed with success and growth in all your endeavours. Happy Vishwakarma Puja to you.
6. May you have the beautiful home of your dreams and succeed in all your endeavours. Have a shubh Vishwakarma Puja with your loved ones.
7. May the divine energy of Lord Vishwakarma infuse your work with precision, creativity, and everlasting success
8. May your business grow with the choicest blessings of Lord Vishwakarma.
9. May your skills and talents continue to be a source of pride and success.
10. May your craftsmanship shine like a beacon, guiding you towards success and prosperity.
Images To Share on Vishwakarma Puja 2024

#### **6. [Eid-e-Milad-Un-Nabi 2024: Wishes, Greetings, Images And Messages To Be Shared With Your Loved Ones](https://zeenews.india.com/culture/eid-e-milad-un-nabi-2024-wishes-greetings-images-and-messages-to-be-shared-with-your-loved-ones-2793741.html)**

Muslims around the world celebrate Eid-Milad-un-Nabi or Eid-e Milad. This occasion honours the Islamic Prophet Muhammad's birth anniversary. For Muslims all over India, it is a blessed day since it serves as a reminder of the Prophet Muhammad's teachings and acts of kindness. The community has benefited greatly from the teachings of the Prophet Muhammad. Also known as Nabi Day, Mawlid, Muhammad's Birthday, or the Prophet's Birthday, the festival Eid-Milad-un-Nabi is celebrated annually.
The Prophet is thought to have been born around 570 AD on the 12th day of the month of 'Rabi-ul-Awal'. Worshippers organize feasts and gatherings, and many Muslims pay a visit to shrines, mosques and dargahs.
Different countries celebrate the festival on varying dates as per the moon sighting. Eid Milad un Nabi will be celebrated in India on October 9. Here are some wishes, quotes and messages that you can share with your family, friends, and neighbours on the occasion of Eid Milad.
Messages and greetings to share
1) May Allah fill all of our hearts with kindness, love and patience. Eid Mubarak!
2) A blessed Mawlid to you, may Allah ease your hardships and shower prosperity on you.
3) Eid-Milad-un-Nabi is an occasion to celebrate the birthday of Prophet Muhammad, it is an opportunity to celebrate him and his life
4) Eid is a time of celebrations, festivities, and prayers! May we all do good and get good in return. Happy Eid-Milad-un-Nabi!
5) The Prophet Muhammad said: “Whoever sends blessings upon me, Allah will send blessings upon him tenfold.” So let us send him our prayers this Mawlid.
6) May the light of this holy day enlighten our hearts and soothe our minds. Eid Mubarak!
7) May Allah listen to your prayers, blessing your family with good health and happiness.
8) On this sombre and auspicious occasion of Eid-e-Milad-un-Nabi, I wish that Allah gives you and your family a happy and blessed life.
9) Sending you my good wishes on the auspicious occasion of Eid Milad un Nabi. Lots of love and blessings!
Images to share
Celebrate this day with your family and friends and spread the message of love and kindness.

